What if I told you that all my success in business actually comes from a single skill that I learned more than 10 years ago? By mastering this skill, I was able to print money in any business I started, including my Inc. 5000 PR agency with over 60 employees. Now, unlike learning AI or paid ads, which let's be honest, are going to be worthless in about 2 years anyways, learning this skill will keep you rich forever, or at least until we're all plugged into machines. Now, the skill I'm talking about is cold email. the single highest value skill that you can learn in business. See, with paid ads or social media or SEO, you've got to spend thousands of dollars and you have to rely on platforms like Google and Facebook not to screw you over, and they always do. But with cold email, you're in control and you can reach millions of future clients for pennies. Now, in 2024, I made a cold email master class on YouTube that went insanely viral. Over 150,000 people watched hours of video and thousands of them scaled their businesses to 50K per month and beyond. And I've loved hearing about their wins inside of our free community. But a lot changes in a year. And some of the tactics that we're using now make me feel like I'm living in 2050. We're currently generating over 4,500 leads every day for our companies and for our clients. So for those of you that think cold email is dead, grandma's about to turn over in her grave. Because in this master class, I'm going to be taking you from total beginner to setting up your own cold email system that actually works and generates leads for you on autopilot, all for under $100. And for those of you that think you're advanced, don't get cocky and skip chapters because I guarantee the basics were not the same as they were in 2024. But also, don't worry because I'm going to be showing you some absolute ninja craziness that would even make Tony Stark a little bit turned off. Okay, strap in. This is going to be a long one. I encourage you to take notes, bookmark this video, skip around using the chapters as needed, and come back to this video anytime you hit a roadblock. This video is my gift to the online marketing community. Everything that I've learned in over a decade of cold email for free, no holding back. All right, let's get this party started. So, why listen to me in the first place? Well, if you don't already know who I am, my name is Lee Jen J and I actually launched my first marketing agency while I was in medical school. And I was able to scale that marketing agency to $600,000 per month using nothing but cold email. I then left my medical training 4 years ago to go into business full-time. And since then, I've been building marketing agencies using cold email. Now, two years ago, I decided I wanted to start teaching. So, I launched this YouTube channel and I've been helping other companies implement these same systems and I've built over 250 custom cold outreach systems for a ton of different types of businesses. I'm talking about companies that sell cows to farmers, lots of marketing agencies, obviously, consulting companies, B2B service companies, SAS companies. I'm even helping a guy in Africa right now sell gold from miners directly to consumers. Reason I tell you that is because this stuff works. And if you're watching this and you don't have an offer yet, this could be the offer that you're looking for. I'm also the owner of the cold email secrets community on school. We've got around 18,000 members at the time of recording. And according to Instantly AI, I'm the number one cold email expert on YouTube. And I've got an award back here from them somewhere. So, what are you going to learn if you make the conscious decision right now, today, to sit here and master this skill? And I promise it'll be the best investment you've ever made into yourself, into your business, and into your future. Here are some of the comments from people who sat and watched this video in 2024. Now, that one took me weeks to record and even more weeks to script out and put together for you guys. So, if you want to get results like that, then make sure to take this seriously. You're going to learn how to build highly profitable cold email machines for under $100. You're going to learn step-by-step technical setup, the domains, the mailboxes, what software is needed. I'm going to tell you exactly which tools to use and why. And no, this video is not sponsored. I'm going to show you how to make cold email work for your boring offer and how to automate the entire process, including replies. And here's just a little preview of what this looks like when it's fully deployed. You just have a system of qualified leads responding to you, booking calls, and purchasing without you having to lift a finger or do any manual prospecting. You're going to learn really advanced tools and tactics like here with this clay table. And guys, there's going to be a lot of information here, probably way too much for you to sit down and memorize all in one sitting, unless you've got some insane photographic memory. But for those of you that are normal humans like myself, I've put together some really nice reference material for you. The complete presentation, a PDF Spark notes of this entire video, some helpful links and resources, copy and paste templates, and a few additional perks in there like some setup services, some copywriting services, all that I'm offering you guys for free just for giving me your time and attention. to grab those resources. All you have to do is go inside of that free school community. It's going to be linked down in the description and it'll be one of the first things pinned. All right, so what is the outline? What are we going to be learning today? Drum roll. Kind of a big outline, so brace yourself, but I want it to excite you cuz this is what's coming up next. There's going to be zero gaps for you to fill from beginner to advanced. You're going to learn everything, including a lot of really well-kept industry secrets that I will be telling you all about in this video. Starting with why cold email and common misconceptions. What's the difference between warm and cold email? Some of the different tools and costs associated with running these systems. And is cold email dead? We're going to be talking about the fundamentals and the basics. Now, even advanced people don't skip this. This is going to be the three pillars of cold email. The most important lesson by far. Then we'll go into technical setup for beginners. How to buy domains, set up mailboxes. We're going to be talking about Google vers Microsoft versus SMTP and other mailbox solutions. We're going to walk through the software setup and I'm going to make it really easy even for beginners. What software to use, how to configure that software, the warm-up settings, everything that you need to know. We're going to be talking a lot about deliverability. So, some of the technical requirements, email warm-up, and how that works, and how to diagnose it and fix emails going to spam. And this isn't just going to help you for cold email. This is going to help you for email in general, which is the best marketing platform, whether they know who you are or not. And if you're in spam, you're going to be wasting tons of money. We're going to talk about list building, finding your ideal avatar or ICP. We're going to talk about B2B databases versus scraping leads versus some advanced stuff known as signals. We're going to chat about list verification and qualification, some of the tools and workflows that I use, how to do catchall verification, and how to do AI qualification, which is something brand new that we're doing a lot of in 2025. We're going to chat about your offer and how to make it work for cold email. So, creating offers for beginners, making your boring offer not boring, different baiting tactics that I use to get people to reply to my cold emails, and then we're going to chat about some lead magnets, ones that work, ones that don't, ways to do lead magnets right in 2025, and something I like to call reverse lead magnets. We're going to spend a lot of time on copywriting. We're going to go through some of the secrets. We're going to talk about the triple tap, the dos and don'ts, personalization, syntax, and how to write copy that gets through the spam filters and into the inbox. I'll walk you through how to manage your cold email system once it's actually live. How to add new leads, manage your replies, and then actually use a cold email CRM. Then we'll go into scaling your cold email machine. I'm going to talk to you about what I like to call the equation, which I'll be giving you and help you calculate some stuff, the team SOPs, and how to scale a system to 10,000 cold emails every single day. Then we're going to get into the advanced stuff. Now, if you're an advanced user, don't skip through the beginning stuff. Even if you know how to set up mailboxes, watch it anyway. Things change a lot in this space and every marketing space from year to year. So, even if you think you've mastered this stuff, I promise you there's a lot of new stuff to learn. All right, so the advanced stuff, we're going to talk about signal workflows, basic signals versus advanced signals, and different signal automations that you can set up. And I'm even going to be giving you some templates to those signal automations if you want to try them out. We're going to be talking about Clay and how we're using it for AI personalization at scale, AI qualification, and really just speeding up the entire workflow and making it all work. We're going to talk about reply automation, so speed to lead, and coming up with thoroughly researched replies on autopilot. I'm going to show you the basic way to do it all the way to my replyji system that I will show you how to build. Now, we're going to chat about omni channel outreach, also known as multiplatform or multi-channel. So expanding your machine well beyond just cold email and adding in SMS, voicemail drops, direct mail, and most importantly, retargeting ads. And finally, we're going to end off with the future of cold email, where I see this going in 5 10 years, how autonomous BDRs are developing. And guys, I'm at the forefront of all of this stuff. If somebody has an interesting tool, I'm one of the first people they contact to test it out. So, I'm going to be sharing some of those findings with you and what to expect from them. I'm also going to be discussing some long-term risks, fears, and how to protect yourself in the long run. I plan on using cold email as a cornerstone of my business for the next 20 or 30 years. That's why I've invested so much time and energy really mastering this stuff because I think it's one of the only marketing platforms that are going to be reliable in that time frame. So, does that all sound good to you? If you're excited and ready to continue, let's go. And guys, reminder, this is not a sponsored video. So, if you want to support this channel and thank me for putting the months of time and energy together that it took to create this video, please like and subscribe to this channel and join our free lead generation community. I invest a lot of time and energy into that as well. That's where the resources are. It's going to be linked down below. All right, let's kick this off with why cold email. Some common myths and misconceptions. But first, we got to define some things for you. I can't tell you how many conversations I have with people who are doing cold email for the first time and don't even understand basic terminology. Now, if you're advanced, just bear with me for a second. Cold email is emailing people that don't know you to tell them about your thing. Cold outreach in general is to people that don't know you. Think about door knocking, cold calling. It's all the same thing, just a different channel. And this has been around since the early '9s, since email's been a thing. It's been used by huge names like Alex Herozi who talks about this in depth in his books and in his podcasts as well as the biggest SAS companies on earth. Salesforce, HubSpot, all of these guys are using cold email as a cornerstone of their marketing strategy. And there's a reason these big players invest so much time and energy and money into cold email. And that's because it's where the most qualified leads come from. And the best part is it is completely legal. We'll talk about that more in depth in just a second. cold email verse warm email. The question you have to ask yourself is at any point did they opt in or agreed to receive emails from you or is it the first time that they've ever heard of you? Well, if they ever agreed, maybe they signed up on a form on an iPad, they went on, they booked a meeting with you, if they opted in, they gave you their info, then it's a warm email. Warm leads belong in your CRM, your main CRM, whether that's Mailchimp or Active Campaign or HubSpot or Salesforce or go high level. Cold leads belong in a separate area altogether. This is a cold email CRM or a cold email software like we're going to be talking about in this video. Once they give you their info, they become a warm lead. Even if you already have their email, they don't become a warm lead until they opt in. They fill out a form, they book a meeting, take some sort of action. Only then should they go into your main CRM and should be considered a warm lead. We're going to be referring to warm leads as your email list and your cold leads as a lead list or a cold email list. All right. Why is cold email so powerful? Why is it way better than all of the other marketing strategies? There's a lot of reasons, but here's the five main ones. The first is you get to reach your perfect ICP every time. On Facebook ads, you end up with a lot of really unqualified, not business owner leads. With cold email, you get impressions and traffic for less than a penny a lead. You compare that to any other ad platform and it's like a 100x cheaper. You're also not dependent on ad platforms. Google can't just shut you down like Facebook can and take away your biggest source of leads. You are in control and nobody can do anything about it. Next is it's scalable and predictable. If you've got a sales team of three people and they're trying to take six calls a day, all you have to do is run the equation and decide how many emails you have to send to keep their calendars booked. You can't really say that about any other ad platform at all. Lastly, you get immediate results. Yes, I have a YouTube channel and a lot of leads come from my YouTube channel, but that took years to build. If you're trying to win on social media or SEO, this is going to take you years to maybe get some results. With cold email, it's almost instant. You turn on the machine and leads start coming in. So, who can benefit from cold email? Is it a good fit for you? Are you wasting your time watching this? Well, if you have any sort of B2B or businessto business product or offer, then cold email is perfect for you. And for those rookies who don't know the difference between B2B or B TOC or how to tell if your offer is B2B versus B TOC, the question is if your offer is B2B, that means that you sell to somebody who runs a business and you can find them because they're the owner, founder, CEO of a company in an exindustry. And as we go into list building, this is going to start to make a lot more sense. But essentially B2B, you're selling something to other businesses that they can use for business purposes. Marketing agencies, consulting offers, SAS offers, these are all B2B. Now B TOC, business to consumer, this is more like ecom or mobile apps on your phone that you can't really target by industry or job title. This is just everyday consumers that use your stuff. Now, cold email does work for B TOC. I've built campaigns to sell high-end jewelry to collectors. I've built campaigns to sell solar panels to homeowners. All of this stuff is possible if it's a higher ticket offer and product. Some of the most common use cases, coaches, agencies, software companies, business services, but the range is massive. This is not really for low ticket products that are sold directly to a person like this yerba mate I'm drinking was about $4. And if you're trying to sell this directly to me, cold email is not the way to do it. But if you're a BTOC company and you sell yerba mates and your goal is to establish partnerships and distributors and you want to be in Publix and Walmart and Target, then you would use cold email to establish those relationships with those distributors and retailers. God, I love this stuff. There's also one thing that people miss. There's a lot of companies that are doing cold email without even knowing that they're doing cold email. My PR agency, for example, we don't just use cold email to get clients for the agency. We're also using cold email to operate the agency. Our service is getting in touch with journalists and reporters to write stories about our clients. How do you think we get in touch with those journalists and reporters? If you guessed cold email, you're absolutely right. So, any business that uses cold email to operate their offer should also pay extra close attention to this video because it's going to help you overperform on delivering your offer as well. Now, I told you if you didn't already have an offer, we're going to be chatting about that. This is it. If you master this stuff, you can use cold email as an offer and it is one of the best offers on earth because of how versatile and results driven it is. With cold email, you can produce direct ROI for clients and show them how much money you're making them. The goal for any recurring offer is to create enormous pain if they decide to cancel that service or turn it off. If you can make somebody money and show them that you're making them money, they're never going to want to turn it off. They're going to be dependent on you to generate the leads. and we're going to talk about some of the different models that are involved in launching cold email as an offer. You can do an agency model, you can do a one-time fee to build and then you can do a pay per lead model. And like I already mentioned, there's a lot of different use cases for cold email that's not just lead generation. So, if you learn this, you can launch a podcast booking agency, an influencer management agency, you can launch a staffing company. All of these are different business models that use cold email as their core offer. Now, I said you'd be learning how to set this whole thing up for under $100. So, here are the tools that you're going to need and the costs associated with running a cold email system. First thing you're going to need is a cold email management tool like Instantly or Smart Lead or Reach Inbox. And these start at around $37 per month. And don't worry, we're going to be breaking down these tools in just a little bit. You're going to need access to leads through either a lead database or a lead scraper. Using the recommended tools that we're going to chat about, it's about $50 per 10,000 leads. So, now we're at about $87 per month to reach out to 10,000 leads. The last fee is paying for the domains and the mailboxes. The domains don't really have a monthly cost, so I'm going to ignore them and just talk about the mailboxes, which are $3 per month per mailbox on average. So, you can run this system for well under $100 every single month. Now, as you scale this, obviously, you're going to need to buy more leads and add more mailboxes and increase your subscription on these cold email management tools. So, I spend thousands every single month managing my cold email system, but I spend tens of thousands every month on paid ads, and cold email is still the top performing marketing channel I have by far. And I spend a fraction of the price that I spend on other marketing channels on cold email. Therefore, it is the best value of any marketing channel by far. Now, the tools that I'm going to recommend are not sponsoring this video or paying me, but if you do decide to use any of them, please use my affiliate link. They're going to be down in the description. It helps support the channel and will probably get you a nice discount. All right, common misconceptions. Cold email is easy. All you got to do is upload some leads, start sending some emails, and then leads should start coming in, right? Wrong. That's absolutely not true. This stuff is not easy. In fact, no marketing channel worth its salt is easy. There's a lot of competition, and in order to make something work, you need to be an expert. You need to go through trial and error. And there's 10,000 things that can go wrong. That's why I really want to focus on those three pillars that we're going to be talking about in the next module. They're so important and if it's not working, you need to come back to them. Lastly, you need to not take shortcuts unless I say so. Don't try and cut costs. Don't try and save money. This stuff is hard enough as it is. If you use the wrong tool or take a wrong turn, none of it will work. Another misconception, and this one's the opposite, cold email is dead. Not to age myself, but I've been doing cold email for over 10 years. This stuff has changed a lot from when I started to where it is now. And I've talked to a lot of people who were doing cold email successfully a decade ago, 5 years ago, and then it just all of a sudden stopped working and they turned it off. Those people say cold email is dead. But I guarantee they have not been keeping up with current trends, current tools, and the new practices that are working. We are getting more leads than ever using cold email. And yes, deliverability is harder now, but the tools and the practices are better. and all of your potential clients still use email and as far as I know always will. But with that being said, even though it's not dead, the competition is getting fierce. And yes, I am partially to blame for that. So my bad. Another common misconception that cold email requires technical skills. The answer is no. You can launch a cold email campaign in as little as 30 minutes. And I'm going to show you the easiest ways to do it. When I first started, you needed to understand DNS records and how it all worked and how to set it up manually. Now you don't need to do it anymore. The new tools and services that are available and I'm going to be showing you how to use make it laughably easy. That way you can focus on the stuff that really matters, the hard stuff, which is the list building and the copywriting, which we're going to talk about. Do you think cold email is expensive? Well, you're wrong. This is by far the most affordable marketing channel, hands down. Can't even compare it to any other one. Lead data is nearly free and it's a race to the bottom. It is getting easier and cheaper to access the data and the data is getting more and more accurate. Mailboxes and infrastructure is getting cheaper and cheaper. You can launch tons of mailboxes in minutes for super low prices and you can run your entire system for under $100 per month. And the best part is you can scale it up once you actually prove that it works. All right, now we're going to talk about the fundamentals, the three pillars of cold email. So imagine there are three pillars holding up your cold email castle. And if one of the pillars is weak, the castle comes crashing down. Now, let me break something to you. Cold email does not work for six out of 10 people. Just like social media and ads, you can't just set it up and expect the money printer to go br. But with trial and error, every single business can make it work within 60 days. I've personally built over 250 systems over the past 10 years, and they all work. But you have to get these three things right. These are the three pillars of cold email. If your system is not working, look at these pillars. And if it is working, but you want to improve, you find the weakest pillar. Here are the three pillars of cold email marketing and how to make sure that they are strong. Pillar number one is the technical infrastructure. This is the boring nerdy stuff that used to scare people away from cold email and we're going to be talking about it in this video, but the technical infrastructure essentially is the mailbox configuration that you need to hit the inbox and not get flagged as spam. Now the good news with the technical infrastructure is all you have to do is follow a recipe. Do this then this then this and you'll end up in the inbox. So some things that are involved in the technical infrastructure are the domain configuration. This is the DNS records, the DKIM, the demark, the mailbox configuration where the mailbox is built and how it's set up. The software setup, this is the software that's sending your cold emails and warming up your cold email mailboxes. Now, pillar one is the easiest one to get right because all you have to do is follow a system or use a tool that does this for you. And I'll be walking you through how to do it yourself and the best tools and ways to go about this. But if you take shortcuts, your technical infrastructure is going to be broken and you're going to be stuck in spam and it's not going to be working and you're going to be wondering why. This crap is hard enough as it is. Don't take shortcuts. Don't cut costs. Follow what I say and this will work. Pillar number two is list building. This is finding people who are actually a good fit for your offer. Making sure that their emails are actually valid, qualifying your leads just to make extra sure. So remember, the worst thing that you can do is get marked as spam. Too many people mark you as spam, it's not going to work. So to avoid getting marked as spam, your emails have to be relevant, which means you're emailing relevant offers to relevant people. For example, I don't have babies. So if you send me an email offering some service for child care or babies, you're getting marked as spam. But if you send me an offer for a SAS tool that helps me set up mailboxes, that's relevant. That's something I'm going to open and be interested in. So, we're going to talk a lot about list building. This is very, very important. In fact, each of these pillars is very important. That's why there's only three pillars. And number three is probably the hardest, which is probably why we'll spend the most time on it, which is offer and copy. This pillar is the hardest one to get right because there's not a simple template or recipe that I can tell you to follow that's going to get you to the perfect offer and copy. Everyone's offer is different. Your ICP is different. The problem that you're solving is different. And the more different it is, the better cuz it means it's not a crowded space where everyone's trying to sell the same thing and you become a commodity just competing on price. So, some things to think about to win on pillar three is does your offer solve an actual problem? And is it interesting or is there anything about it that you can make interesting? You need to think about how do you get that lead who doesn't know who I am to open my email, trust me immediately, and then give me an interested reply. When you're writing copy, you need to think, will it even reach the inbox? And then, what sequence of emails do I use? How many days in between? All of that stuff we are going to cover inside of this master class. And I'm going to show you how to get this right. But keep in mind, it's not easy. Now, I get a lot of people who watch my YouTube videos and they see some of the really advanced stuff that we're doing and they're like, "Well, I want to do that." And they reach for the advanced stuff before they've understood the fundamentals. And this actually ends up hurting their campaigns as opposed to helping. So, I thought it was worth making a slide of its own on fundamentals versus fancy BS, aka, you know, AI. Usually, most of my most successful campaigns don't have some fancy AI personalization. We're not doing custom AI generated videos in our best performing campaigns. In fact, you should only consider using some of the advanced stuff after you master the pillars, the fundamentals. Fundamentals beats AI fancy stuff every time. But once you get a grasp over the fundamentals and you have an offer and a list that's working and receptive, you add a little fancy and now you've got some actual magic. All right, time to jump in. We're going to knock out the nerdiest, hardest stuff first. This is going to be the technical setup for dummies. Now, 99% of people take one look at the cold email setup instructions and they run away crying like a little girl. But what if I told you that the hard technical stuff is actually the easiest part as long as you follow a few simple rules. Now, I'm going to make technical infrastructure so easy that you will never flinch when you see a demark record ever again. So, let's get nerdy, my cold email Jedi. Let's go. Now, quick warning here. If you miss a step or take a detour, you're boned. If you use the wrong software, you're boned. If you try to cut costs with an alternative, just follow my instructions and use my recommended tools and you can't f this up even if you try. Now, I'm going to call somebody out here, one of my best friends, Jesse Henry. He's actually just living with me in my penthouse for about a month and a half. And I was trying to help him with his cold email, and he asked me for help to look at his cold email campaigns that just weren't working. Now, I figured stupidly, this is my bad, that he had all of the technical stuff done right. After all, with what I'm about to teach you, how can you not? So, we did a deliverability test and we learned that all his emails were going to spam. So, I checked his technical setup and he had made all of the cardinal mistakes. He took detours. He tried to save money and use the wrong software and everything was broken. I basically had to rebuild his entire machine from scratch. So, don't be like Jesse. Focus. Do this right the first time and you're going to save yourself so much headache and so much money. All right. Now, I'm going to go over to my whiteboard and I'm going to show you how this all works. And I need you to promise me not to freak out. You don't need to memorize this, but it's important to understand how it works. That way, if something's broken, you know where to look. Now, I'm going to walk you through exactly how to do the technical setup yourself, cuz it's important to know how it all works. But it's important to know my team can just do it all for you. And the technical setup is the easiest part to get right. There is no reason to f this up because if you do, your whole system breaks. So, no excuse for getting this wrong. And side note, setup is 100% free for members of my insiders program for you and for your clients. So if you're offering cold email as a service, we'll also do it for your clients. So to access this, just go to leadjenj.com/inbox and we can do the setup for you. All right, so first let's talk about the three pillars of cold email. I'm going to draw it like a pyramid for a specific reason. Pyramids have a foundation. They have a center. They have a top. Now with cold email, if the foundation isn't solid, you've got no chance. So, the foundation of this pyramid is the technical setup. So, I'm going to write technical. If the emails aren't hitting the inbox and the technical setup isn't sound, then you have no chance at making this work. Now, in order to make cold email work, you need all three of these to be structurally sound. The technical setup, this is the domains, the DNS records, the mailboxes, the technical configuration of your system. The next layer of this pyramid is your list. If the technical setup isn't good, the rest of it has no chance of surviving. So, the list, who are you actually sending cold emails to? If the people you're emailing are the right fit for your offer, if the data that you're working with is correct, then you have a chance of making this work. If this is not correct, you're sending emails to people who are not a good fit, maybe the wrong industry, the wrong job title, maybe they're retired, maybe you have the wrong email, then whatever you do up here doesn't matter because your system is not going to have a chance of actually working. You need to hit the inbox of the correct person. And then up top, we've got copy. Now, say you've hit the inbox, you've hit the inbox of the correct person for your offer. Now, you need to be able to get them to open, to read, and to respond to your cold email. So, this is your setup. If the base is not solid, the technical foundation, which we're going to talk about in detail on this board in just a second, then the rest of it doesn't matter. Because if you're not in the inbox, your targeting and your copy have no chance of actually getting through and working. If the emails go to the wrong person, meaning the email is invalid, you're emailing people who are clearly not a good fit for your offer, wrong industry, job title, company size, they don't actually have the problem that you're trying to solve, then anything you do up here doesn't matter. So, it's really important to think about this bottom up and as you're building your system and testing your system, making sure that your technical basis is solid and then that your list is solid, everybody that you're emailing is a good fit and valid. And only then should you worry about your copy. So, now that you understand this, I'm going to go ahead and break the technical aspect of cold email down. The domains, the mailboxes, the DNS records, the servers, the IP addresses. I'm going to make it all make sense right here just so you can understand what's going on and where things can go wrong. So, let's go ahead and go to a new page. All right. Now, let's talk about the technical setup. There's a lot of moving pieces that bring a cold email from your mailbox to their inbox and not getting it flagged as spam or not getting it lost. So, let's break down some of those pieces and how they work. And if you understand this, you're gonna under you're gonna have a lot easier of time figuring out why your technical setup is not working and actually solving it. So, let's break this down into the simplest terms possible. To send an email from your mailbox to their mailbox, you need a couple of things. The first thing you need is a server, like a computer, that actually sends the data from your system to their system. This is an IP address. The IP address is linked to those servers to those computers. Now, typically when you're using like Gmail or Microsoft 365, you're using their computers. You're using their IP addresses and they're in charge of keeping those IP addresses and computers clean and valid and trustworthy. The next thing that you need to send an email is a domain. So, a domain is like jotterpr.com. The otterpr.com is the domain. So, we need a domain. Now, just like a website, a domain is hosted with an IP address with a server. So, these these three items are all going to be linked together. The IP address, the domain, and the mailbox. Once you have these three things, now you can actually start sending cold emails. And I labeled them from top to bottom because of the importance. So the IP address, all of these items are items that the email service providers, ESPs will look at and say that's trustworthy, that's trustworthy, that's trustworthy. Each of these have a has a reputation score that will either go up or down over time depending on how people handle those emails and depending on how those domains are configured. So from top to bottom of importance, the IP address, the computer that that's coming from is unbelievably important. That's why we tend to recommend using Google or Microsoft IP addresses, Google or Microsoft mailboxes. That's what that means. And then there's the domain. You'll typically buy that domain on a site like GoDaddy or Spaceship or Pork Bun. Where you buy it is your domain register. that that doesn't really matter so much because it's all kind of the same thing. Where that domain's registered now and where that domain's hosted is a different thing. But wherever you buy this domain, you're going to have to give it some instructions. Where is this domain going to be hosted? What email service provider is this domain going to use to create mailboxes. All of those things are in the domain's DNS records. These DNS records are instructions for that domain to to tell it how to operate. And the ESP, the email service provider, will look at the DNS records to make sure that it's secure, to see where the domain is hosted, to see where that domain resolves. For example, otterpr.com goes to a real website. If that autopr.com resolved at a dead link or redirected somewhere else, the email service providers would know that as well. And then once you have these two things set up, you've got your Google Workspace or your Microsoft Workspace, you've told the domain that's where you're setting up email addresses, now you can start configuring mailboxes under that domain. And all three of these things have reputation scores. They're all important, but the IP address is the most important, followed by the domain's reputation score, followed by the mailbox, which has individual reputation scores as well. Now, the reason this is so important to understand, so imagine a bunch of people report this single mailbox. Maybe we've got a 100 mailboxes and everybody reports one mailbox as spam and the reputation score goes down and we lose this mailbox. We can no longer send emails from this mailbox because they're all going to spam. Well, this domain is still okay. This IP address is still okay. We can still make more mailboxes under this domain. We can still put more domains under this IP address and it's all going to be just fine. But what if multiple mailboxes get flagged as spam? Or what if you email a spam trap and your domain ends up on a blacklist? Well, if that domain ends up on a blacklist or the domain's reputation score drops too low, then all of the mailboxes underneath also get blacklisted and will start going to spam. That's why it's increasingly important to keep the domain health, the domain reputation, domain score high. That's also the main reason that we don't like sending cold emails from our primary domain. Our primary domain is sacred and it happens all the time. People will use their primary domain to send cold emails and it actually works better for a period of time because you've already built trust and reputation score for that primary domain, but then you make the wrong move. You send emails to the wrong list and your primary domain ends up on a blacklist and now your whole company is affected because the domain is more important than just the mailbox itself. All right, so what about these IP addresses, these servers? Now, in general, if you're using Google or Microsoft, they're going to be responsible for keeping those IP addresses, their servers healthy. So even if you do a blacklist check and you see that some of these IP addresses are blacklisted, Google and Microsoft are typically changing those out, warming them, keeping their IP ranges healthy. So you don't have to worry about this part at all. Now, as it currently stands, Google is still beating Microsoft for cold email. The deliverability is higher even to Microsoft. That's why for cold email as it is right now, we're still recommending Google servers, Google IP addresses. Now, what you're probably going to be tempted to do, and I've fallen into this mistake as well, is to cheap out on the mailboxes, and there's a lot of services now where you can spin up hundreds and hundreds of mailboxes for less than a dollar a piece. And if you do decide to use one of those services like Infamail or Mailin, you'll be able to scale a huge infrastructure of cold email mailboxes. The problem is you only get one IP address and there's nobody else in charge of keeping that IP address clean except you. So if something bad happens to that IP address and too many people mark it as spam, you email spam traps or for whatever reason that sometimes is out of our control and unpredictable, the ESPs will block that IP address and say that we're no longer accepting emails from that IP address. So, you're going to see your bounce rates go up and you're going to stop landing in the inbox. And what happens if your IP address goes down? If the server reputation becomes too low, all of this stuff gets banned. All of the domains under that IP address, all of the mailboxes, and your cold email system will tank overnight. All right. So, what do you do to give yourself the best shot at hitting the inbox, not getting flagged as spam? Well, you want to do what you can to control your IP range. So you'll use Google to set up your mailboxes. Problem solved on the IP address. For the domain, the biggest factor that you can control is the DNS records, which means you do not want to send a cold email if you don't have a demark record, a DKIM record, a valid SPF record. And you can just go and check that really quick using any free free tool that's going to be linked down in the description and inside of my resources packet. And then the last thing that's under your control is the reputation score. So, how do we build reputation of our domains, of our mailboxes, of our IP addresses? We send good emails for a long period of time. So, age and reputation score is under your control through time and through email warm-up. So, if you want to increase the score and give yourself the best chance, the longer you wait, the better. Typical rule for domains, cuz domain age is so important, at least 30 days. Ideally, 60 to 90 days, but 30 days is the minimum before you should start sending cold emails from that domain. And then the mailboxes, you want to be warming up from day one. Once you create these things, you should be warming up progressively. And we're going to talk about recommended warm-up settings when we get to that section. But those are the things within your control. That's what you need to do. Now, let's talk about on the recipient side. So, this is your leads inbox. This is the person that you're emailing and they're receiving that email and you've got an ESP on their end, an email service provider that they're using to actually control the flow of emails coming in. That could be Microsoft, that could be Google, that could be Yahoo. And they all handle this a little bit differently, but they all kind of look at the same key factors. Let's move that over here. So, here's that leads inbox is coming in. They're looking at the DNS records of the domain. Is that domain secure? One of the things these DNS records do is tell the recipient that the email is actually coming from that person. It's not being spoofed. That's essentially the whole purpose of the DKIM record, the demark record, the SPF record. It's all there for security. You need to have them and it's just saying that email is coming from that person and not being spoofed. The other important thing that they're going to look at is the copy. So, they're also screening the emails coming in to say to see what those emails say. Now, Google and Microsoft are obviously much more advanced when it comes to screening copy and leveraging AI to do that. So, it's really important. It's a key factor in getting through to certain mailboxes is what you say. If it's bouncing or you're ending up in spam, one of the first things that you should look at is what are you saying in the copy and how can you change it? What spam words or phrases are you using that could be triggering those spam detectors? We're going to talk about that a lot more in detail when we get to the copywriting section. And now, the other thing that they're looking for is the reputation. and not just the reputation of the domain, the reputation of the mailbox, the reputation of the IP address. So, if you're sending from Google or Microsoft, chances are that's going to look good to Google or Microsoft. And as it stands right now, Microsoft accepts Google actually just as much or better as it accepts Microsoft. But Google still delivers better to Google. That's why we're still recommending Google for cold email infrastructure. But they're looking at the reputation of that domain as well as the age of that domain and the reputation of the individual mailbox. But domain reputation, we actually can monitor, especially how Google looks at your domain or Microsoft looks at your domain. We use a tool like Google Postmaster to do that. We're going to talk about that more in detail in the deliverability section. And they actually tell you IP reputation, domain reputation, so you can see if any of those things are affected. Now, if all of this looks good, the email ends up in the inbox. So, let's talk about buying cold email domains. What service should you use to buy them? Does it matter? How do you acquire them in scale? I'm going to be walking you through all of that step by step. Now, there's a few different options where you can acquire domains. I like to purchase them through a platform called Spaceship. There's also GoDaddy, Pork Bun, Cloudflare. A lot of people use different domain purchasers and they think that it makes a difference. Now, the big difference for me is that Spaceship makes it really easy to buy them in bulk, to find available domains. It's really affordable to acquire domains and to renew domains. For example, on GoDaddy, you can get it for $12 for the first year, but on renewal, it doubles or triples in price. So, let's actually go into Spaceship and buy a couple domains and set them up. Spaceship is essentially designed so that you can buy cold email domains in bulk and manage them in bulk. So, what we're going to do is we're going to go to all products, domain name search. Now, what's so cool about spaceship is this beast mode. It is made for finding cold email domains at scale. So, TLDDLs are the end of a domain name. Right now, it's got all of them activated. I'm going to X that out. I only want dotcoms. Couple reasons for it. They instill trust faster than others and they're cheaper.io's are cool, but they're like three or four times the price of dotcoms. I'm gonna enter in some keywords that I want my domain to contain. So let's say instead of Otter PR, my business name was Beaver PR. So I want to enter Beaver. So I want some brand recognition there. And then I want to enter some other keywords that can go along with it. Uh viral media, PR, public, public relations. Now spaceship is going to start to create variations using these different keywords. And chances are viralmedia.com is not going to be available, but viralbeaver.com is likely available. So, it's probably going to have most of them containing Beaver. There's also other filters you can use, but I don't like to use them. I like to hide unavailables. And where this gets really cool, I'm going to go ahead and apply this first and see what what's available without using any of the domain hacks. And we're going to generate. All right. I don't think any of these are available, which is typical. This is why we need to use the domain hacks. What we're going to do is we're going to use prefixes and suffixes. It's going to automatically generate the most commonly used prefixes and suffixes. So, when I was giving you the example myotterpr.com, getterpr.com, these are all ones that are used inside of these prefixes and you can add your own. Once you add these, you can go ahead and apply. And now it's going to start giving you tons of options of domains that you can acquire. So, as you can see, the domains are $8.88 to acquire and $10 per year to renew. This is infinitely cheaper than using something like GoDaddy. And I can just add all to cart really quickly and acquire domains in bulk. I'm going to go ahead and buy publichubs.com cuz that one's kind of cool and I feel like I could use it for other stuff. And I'm going to go ahead and purchase this domain. Now, you don't need to activate any of this stuff. It's registering for 1 year. Privacy is included. GoDaddy just jacks up the prices on all of these things. They should not be that expensive. This is what you should pay. So, we're going to go ahead and pay now. And just like that, I own the domainhubs.com. And now there's a lot of stuff that I can do with this domain. So I need to manage it. Specifically the DNS records, the back end of this domain. I need to tell this domain what to do. So to manage my domains, I'm going to come into Launchpad Domain Manager. Now let's walk through a couple of the things that are available to me. Name servers and DNS records. So name servers are where that domain is being hosted. I bought it on spaceship. So right now it's on spaceship. Usually it defaults to wherever whatever registry you use to buy the domain. Wherever these name servers are pointing is where I need to go to control the DNS records, which we'll talk about in just a second. Now, if I wanted to move this domain to Cloudflare, for example, I would just have to update the name servers and then I could use Cloudflare to control the DNS. The other option here is adding DNS records. So, these are things like the CNAME record, the MX record, the A record, the DKIM, the DMARK. These are all MX records and you can do that just by simply adding records here. This is how you do it manually one by one or you could do advanced DNS records where you can do things like upload. Next, you'll see URL redirect. So, where do you want this domain to redirect to? Obviously, this isn't a real website. Obviously, pubhubs.com is going to go to nothing. So, let's go ahead and just try it. Obviously, the site cannot be reached because there is no website. There's nothing there. So, what I want to do is do a permanent redirect to otterpr.com. So, I'm going to do www.otterpr.com. That way, anytime someone visits the website.com, it'll automatically redirect to my actual website. Now, it's also important to note here that any change you make to your DNS or your name servers or redirects don't happen immediately. There's a little bit of a delay that we call propagation in the infrastructure world. So, if you make a change and it's not perfect or reflecting right away, just be patient, hang in there. Usually, it's just a few minutes, but sometimes it can be hours. All right, so that's how you acquire domains and control your name servers and DNS records and URL redirects. Now, some people like to bring their name servers off of Spaceship and into Cloudflare for a couple different reasons. One, it's a little bit more secure. You can manage your DNS records all in one place. And if you're interested in learning how to do that, you can watch my full spaceship walkthrough linked down below. But 99% of people don't need to do that. It's not super important. and it has not been proven to increase the results of your cold email campaigns. So, for simplicity sake, you can just manage all of your DNS and keep your name servers on spaceship. So, again, that bonus info on moving your domains to Cloudflare worth an honorable mention, but I'm not going to be walking you through that in this video because honestly, I don't want to confuse you and add too much. You don't need to do it. It has not been proven to really improve results. I've tried both and I've tried multiple domain registers. Spaceship works great. All right. Now let's talk about configuring the domains. There are certain DNS records also domain name system is what that stands for that tell the domain what to do where to point is it authenticated uh is it secure and private and you need to have these DNS records done correctly if you want your emails to go to the inbox not to spam the forwarding domain we just talked about and that's how that works. And then lastly custom tracking domains which were a big thing back in 2024 2023 less important now but I'll show you how to set them up. All right, so let's talk about some of these core DNS records. And just to close the loop, you saw me change the forwarding domain to otterpr.com. It took about five minutes for that redirect to actually take place. This is the propagation. Now, when I visit publicHubs.com, it redirects to otterpr.com as intended. All right, so let's set the DNS records up for this pubhubs.com. What do I actually have to do to make this thing work? I've got this domain. How do I create mailboxes? How do I get the DNS records on there? and what DNS records do you need to use? Then we'll do the custom tracking domain. And if you don't know what a custom tracking domain is, these are specific domains used by the email sending software to track certain actions like clicks and opens or for unsubscribe links. Now, cold emailing in 2025, we never add tracking links to cold emails. They cause the emails to go to spam. And the recommendation right now is that we do not use them. So, if we're not using links and we're not tracking things, do we need the custom tracking domain? Not really. But standard practice is to set it up anyways. And if you use our setup service or other setup services, they'll always set this up for you and add it to the domain. Let me just show you what this looks like in practice. I'm going to go into one of my campaigns. Now, as you can see, no links, nothing to click here. But if I wanted to add an unsubscribe link here, I just click more rich. Insert that unsubscribe link. Say what it says. And now when you click on this link, it's a link generated by Instantly AI that basically tells them that person unsubscribed. Now, if you don't have a custom tracking domain in there, they use their link. And if it uses Instantly's link, that is the easiest way on earth for Google or Microsoft to say, "Wow, I see Instantly AI's link. this is a cold email. Let's send that to spam. That's why you need those custom tracking links if you use unsubscribe links or if you track opens. Another honorable mention here is domain masking proxies. This is a cleaner way of doing domain forwarding. So, if you saw in my example, it redirected me to otterpr.com. An alternative way to do it is to add a domain masking proxy. And there's services you can use for this like email guard where instead of redirecting to otterpr.com it'll still show that you're on publicHubs.com but it'll look like otterr's homepage. It's a masking proxy and I've tested it against doing it the forwarding way and there is absolutely no difference. That's why we don't use them anymore. It's just an additional step in the process. The original thought is that it would improve email deliverability and that has not been true yet. I do have a free video on my channel about how to set up these domain masking proxies if it's something you're interested in, but my advice is don't worry about it yet. There's no additional benefit. All right, let's do a live DNS record setup. Uh, and just to be frank, I haven't done one of these in probably years because my team does all of it now. The service does all of it now. So, if you want to leverage that service, all you have to do is go to lead genenj.cominbox and our my team will be able to set up all of your mailboxes for you. But with the service, you just tell us how many mailboxes you want. We can also purchase the domains for you, so you don't even have to worry about that part. And it just walks you through the entire process really nicely. But with that being said, let's go ahead and set up the DNS records in a mailbox forhubs.com. Now, if you're doing this yourself and you want to use Google Workspace and you want to pay $8 per mailbox, you can go ahead and click get started and then sign up for a Google Workspace account for your business. I of course already have hundreds of workspaces, so I'm going to skip the setup process and skip right to setting up the domain. This is what Google Workspace is going to look like once you're inside. Now, you're going to want to have to add your domain first. You're going to come into accounts, domains, manage domains. And by the way, guys, you can pin this stuff. So, it's already up top, but I wanted to show you where to find it. Look at all these domains that I already have verified and activated inside of my admin panel. We're going to go ahead and add another domain. We're going to put only the domain. I'm going to skip the stuff before and after. And we're going to set this up as a secondary domain. We're going to add domain and start verification. Okay, it wants me to verify ownership. So, select my domain host. I'm using a different host, so I'm going to go ahead and continue. And I'm going to have to verify these manually. Now it wants me to verify by adding these records to my domain. So first is a txt record name set to default value is this TTL set to the lowest value or default. So let's go ahead and do that. Now I've copied the value. We're going to come in. I'm going to go into name servers and DNS. Add a record. And now we're going to click txt. So when it says the default, that usually just means at. So I'm going to add that at sign. I'm going to paste the value and TTL. This is like how long it takes to propagate. So you saw how long it took for the forwarding to take place. If I make this 1 minute, it's going to propagate a lot faster. The other thing that I'm going to do here, it wants me to use txt as the primary verification method, but it also gives me a secondary method, which is the CNAME record. I'm actually going to do both just to make sure that this goes through without a shadow of a doubt. So, I'm going to copy the name and we're going to add a CNAME record. Now, this is the host. This is where they want me to put that information. And then let's come back to domain setup. The value for that came record here. And again, TTL, we're going to do 1 minute. Okay, they've both been added. We're going to continue. The DNS is propagating. Hopefully, it goes pretty quickly. And then let's verify that this is set up correctly. So, confirm. Getting my domain ready. Beautiful. It was verified successfully. Now we have to activate Gmail. They're going to help me set it up. It's probably going to be more DNS records. So now that my domain is verified, I'm actually going to click do this later. Now, as you can see, that domain is here in manage domains. I'm going to go ahead and add a user here. So let's just add myself and create user. Okay, I'm just going to grab this info so I can log in after the setup is complete and show you that it works. And let's go ahead and click done. Now I want to verify that domain. So let's come into manage domains, public hubs. We're going to activate Gmail. Now, we need to set up the MX records. This is telling that domain how to exchange emails between other domains. So, we're going to go ahead and set up those MX records. Continue. Proceed with activation. Different host. And now we have to put in the MX records. So remember to copy the points to priority one. So MX records also have a priority attached to them. So let's go ahead and come back into DNS settings and add some more records. And we're going to have to add a few different MX records. So MX at value priority 1. And now I can keep the TTL standard which is 30 minutes. Let's go ahead and save all. Okay, confirmed. Just like that, I'm verified and ready to start using Google. I can now send and receive emails from that mailbox. So, let's go ahead and log into it just to show you. Open up a private browser and log into that mailbox that I have just created. All right. So, as you can see, it's now a functional mailbox that I can do lots of stuff with. I can add this to different platforms. I can sync it to instantly. I can start sending and receiving emails from this mailbox. I'm going to skip this password thing right now. And now I'm going to finish the configuration, the DNS configuration. So the mailbox is created. Great. But is it going to hit the inbox? Probably not because that domain doesn't have all of the m all of the DNS records that it needs yet. So let's actually scan this thing. We're going to use a free tool called easydmark.com. I recommend that you use this as well. It's free and does just about everything that you're going to need. So I'm going to come in and scan this domain. By the way, I'm on easydmark.com. We're going to come into tools. And here's all of the mailbox and domain tools that you're going to need. Domain scanner, DNS record checker, and it'll kind of tell you what you're missing, too. So, let's go ahead and scan that domain, and see what's on there so that I can add the things that it needs. So, you can see risk assessment is high. It doesn't have an SPF record, a demark record, a DKIM record. So, the ESPs, email service providers, are going to see this and they're not going to allow that email through. So, now let's correct these one by one. So, if you come into your Google Workspace and type in DKIM up top, you'll see DKIM authentication. Google actually has a built-in tool to help you authenticate the emails. So, we're going to go ahead and select the correct domain, publish.com. And we're going to generate a new record. You can go ahead and just generate based on this. This looks fine. And now we're going to have a txt record and a value. So, let's go ahead and copy this into our domain manager. I'm in the advanced DNS now just to show you the difference. And we're just going to add a couple records. We're going to add a txt record. Here's that new one. This is the value Google domain key. And then we're going to grab the record value. And once we've got that new record in there, we're going to go ahead and add. And then we can start authentication. And Google's going to check to make sure that demark record is actually correct. And it warns you. See, uh, it may take 48 hours for the DNS records to fully propagate. So now that the DKIM records in there, let's go ahead and do the DMARK and the SPF records. So let's come back into easydmark.com. I'm going to leave this open. I'm going to open up an additional tool. Let's go to SPF record generator and we're going to go ahead and use their kind of standard recommendation. So I've got pubhub.com. Let's go ahead and generate that record. Okay, it's saying this record is valid. Cool. So let's grab this value. And notice how the host is just the domain itself. So when you see that that you're going to use just an at sign. So let's add an additional record. It is a txt record. It's going to be at and then the SPF value will go here. And now we've got an SPF record. The last thing that we're missing is a demark record. So I'm going to come into tools and do demark record generator. I've already got our domain there. For policy type, I'd recommend using quarantine or reject. I don't want to get too in the weeds with these. There's different recommendations from various sources on whether to use reject or none. Honestly, it doesn't matter very much. You will need an email to send the demark reports to. And if you come into advanced configuration and you set failure reporting options to zero, now you won't get any reports, which is kind of what I like. The rest of it you can leave as is and generate a demark record. I know I skipped over a bunch of stuff here just because for cold email it doesn't matter. Now, if we're talking about your primary domain setting up a demark record, there's a lot more nuance to this, but for the purposes of cold email, this will do just fine. Now, here's another quirk that you should pay attention to. It says host_demark.youd domain. If you copy this whole thing and you paste it in to the DNS records, it's going to be incorrect because you don't actually include your domain name. You're just going to do underscore demark. That's why when it hits copy, it only copies that part. Now, I'm not going to copy that because I'm just going to type it in. I'm going to copy the value. We're going to add another record, another txt record, the host_dark, and the value right there. Now, we've got all the necessary security protocols so that the email goes into the inbox and not spam. We've got an SPF record, a DM record, and a demark record. And the MX records telling us that it's a Google mailbox. Finally, the last thing to add is a custom tracking domain. So, I just opened up one of the mailboxes inside of our Instantly account and I see the custom tracking domain section. We're going to go into this when we do software setup, but it gives you the records here. We've got the record type, the host, and the value. This is going to be the same across most of your mailboxes. So, you don't actually have to add the mailbox first. You can set these up as soon as you do the domain setup. Host inst. And the value is here. So, let's go ahead and set this one up knowing that this is going to be the record. I'm going to go ahead and copy the value. We're going to add that final record. It's going to be a CNAME record, the CNAMEN instal. And that is the final record to round out the domain DNS setup. Now, if you don't want to deal with any of that yourself, because you shouldn't have to, and you definitely shouldn't be paying $8 a month for G Suite by doing it yourself, you should take advantage of this setup service. It's only $3 per month per mailbox. We do all of the technical setup for you. And most importantly, you actually have a mailbox rep, somebody where if something goes wrong, you can reach out and they will go and fix it. If it gets disconnected or it starts going to spam, you have somebody that you can actually ask for help. All right. All right, now let's talk about the age-old dilemma. Do we use Google? Do we use Microsoft? Do we use some cheap SMTP service to set up our mailboxes and send emails? Well, this matters a lot cuz if you choose the wrong thing, you try and cut corners, you're going to end up in spam. So, follow what I tell you, and I'm going to be going through some of these different options, how to think about them, giving you my recommendation, and I'm actually going to give you my reasoning so you don't get caught in some price trap where you're paying the absolute minimum, but all your emails are going to spam. We're not going to let that happen to you. So, what are your options? You've got Google, you've got Microsoft, and then we've got custom mailbox solutions. These are private IP addresses. You can either set them up really cheaply using various services, or you can pay for more well-managed custom mailbox solutions. We're going to go through all four of these options so you can understand the differences, pros and cons, and then I'm going to give you my recommendation. All right, let's start with some terminology. ESP, you've probably heard me mention that already. That means email service provider. When you hear ESP or email service provider, think about what companies have email services. We've got Yahoo, we've got AOL, Google, and Microsoft obviously are the biggest ones. And that's where we're going to focus most of our attention. The email service provider that you use is really important. And the reason it's so important is because of the IP address. The way that emails flow, kind of as described earlier, there's a lot of different variables that make an email go to an inbox. One of the most important is the IP address or the server that that email was sent from. That server is managed by one of these email service providers. So the more trusted that IP address is, the higher the reputation, the higher the deliverability. And that email service provider is in charge of keeping their IP address clean. So if you're using Google or Microsoft mailboxes, you're using Google and Microsoft IP addresses. If one of those IP addresses reputation drops or gets blacklisted, it's up to them to switch it out to make sure that your emails are ending up in the inbox. They're very invested in that. And they have the added benefit of that most people like you and me are either on Google or Microsoft. So the email service provider doesn't just send the email, they're also receiving many of these emails and they screen the emails that are coming in. So, if they're coming in from a Google IP address and I'm using Google, good chance Google looks at that and says that's probably trustworthy. All right. So, now that you kind of have an understanding of email service providers and IP reputation, let's actually talk about some of these options. Now, the first one is Google. And this is probably the most popular platform for cold emailing. They're very aware that we're sending cold emails. In fact, I think they're supportive of it. Now, at the normal rates, Google now charges $8.40 40 cents per month per mailbox, which is a ton of money once you're scaling an email system, which is why I don't recommend signing up for G Suite and paying those normal rates. Instead, you should work with an email setup partner. People like myself have negotiated rates so that we're able to set up mailboxes at scale for $3 per month per mailbox. This allows you to scale your infrastructure much more affordably and you don't have to worry about setting them up yourself. You'll soon see that Microsoft also has a program like that where you instead of paying retail rates, you'll pay those reseller rates. Mailbox infrastructure services like Inbox by Lead Genj make the setup super easy with Google. And I'm not the only one offering this. I'm the best because you can transfer them in and around providers and you get a mailbox rep which you don't get anywhere else. But there's lots of services that can help you do this. Now, as of 2025, Google has the highest inbox placement of 87.2%. This is higher than Microsoft and higher than SMTP custom solutions. There's been a lot of debate and studies and tests around provider matching. So, I'll just talk about that briefly. Platforms like Instantly AI or Smartle will allow you to select a box that says provider matching. In fact, let me just show you what that looks like in one of these campaigns. So, if I come into options in any of these campaigns and I go to show advanced options, one of the options I can select is enable provider matching for deliverability boost. The principle here is if you're trying to reach a Microsoft inbox, though, wouldn't it make sense to send from a Microsoft inbox because they see one that looks like themsel and they're more likely to let it through? Well, so far from what we can tell, that's actually not true. And provider matching doesn't actually help. In fact, Google's still better at getting through to Microsoft than Microsoft is at getting through to Microsoft, which is actually pretty crazy to me. So, one thing to keep in mind here is that small to medium-sized businesses generally prefer Google. When it goes to enterprise and large businesses, they're primarily using Microsoft. Now, I just said provider matching doesn't necessarily help get through to Microsoft, and that's generally true, but it can be a good idea to have multiple different mailbox providers inside of your system cuz at any given month, one might be per performing better than the other. There was a whole period of time where Microsoft was crushing it to to Microsoft and then it essentially stopped. By the time you're watching this video, maybe it's early 2026. What I'm telling you now could be irrelevant. That's why you need to be in the community so you can stay up to date with the most recent news. All right, that's Google. Now, let's talk about Microsoft 365. These mailboxes are about the same price as Google if you set them up with Microsoft, but you can get a discount by either going through a reseller like myself or if you buy your domains on GoDaddy. They actually have a simple way to set up Microsoft mailboxes directly in there with GoDaddy and it starts at $4 per month and then goes up the following year. There's also various services that you'll run into that will do hundreds of mailboxes on a single Microsoft domain through special backend Microsoft panels and those are typically $50 per month with a safe sending limit of about two emails per day per mailbox. I can show you what those look like. It's a it's a really interesting thing. That's a little bit more advanced. I don't want you to worry about that yet. Just kind of an honorable mention. If you run into services that launch hundreds of mailboxes for you with super small sending volumes, they're built on the Microsoft backend and I don't want you to worry about adding these just yet. So far, they haven't been too stable and Google is still better. Inbox placement for Microsoft 365 is second best around 75.6% overall and still doesn't deliver as well as Google to Microsoft. And I put that I highlighted that here at the bottom. does not deliver better to Microsoft leads. Really important to know kind of when you're going into choosing this and trying to troubleshoot how to get through to Microsoft, which can be a challenge. But just to point something out to you guys, let's go into my inbox placement test inside of Instantly. I'm going to be walking you through how to set this up. I just want to show you like current deliverability metrics. So, as you can see in this test, we're primarily using Google as the sender. and the recipients, you're looking at Google, you're looking at Microsoft, we're inboxing almost 100% of the time. That's pretty absurd statistics and you probably won't see that yet. The reason we are is I'm I've been doing this for a long time. I'm very good at this. We have low spam complaint rates. Our domains are properly aged. They've been warming up for a long time. So, if you don't see this right away, that's fine. But you should know that inboxing almost 100% with Google on cold email is still not not just possible, pretty easy to do. All right. All right. Now, let's talk about the most coste effective solution and that's SMTP services that have unmanaged IP addresses. Now, a lot of words, really complicated. Let me break it down for you. You know how I said Google and Microsoft are in charge of keeping their IP addresses, their servers clean, high reputations, high deliverability. That's on them. But what happens if you're in charge of that IP address? If it's a server that you create that doesn't have any history, any reputation, it's a lot more delicate. And if you burn that IP address, it gets a couple spam complaints, gets on a blacklist, you're stuck with it. And that whole server, that whole IP range is now pretty much done for good or at least for 30 days. Now, the attractive thing about services like this where you have unmanaged IP addresses is they help you spin up mailboxes really quickly, really affordably, and you can pretty much scale infinitely without having any technical knowledge for a third to a fifth of the price as using Google or Microsoft. Now, what you need to be concerned about with these specific mailbox services is that it might start off looking good when you turn this on with these fresh mailboxes. The IP address doesn't have any reputation, doesn't have any negatives, doesn't have any positives. So, you might actually see your emails inboxing really well at first until you get a couple spam reports, you email a spam trap, and now all of the sudden the entire IP range, the server that you created with one of these services, all of the mailboxes start going to spam, and there's nothing that you can do about it. And a lot of times, if the IP gets burned, the domains and the mailboxes can also be burned. All of those domains that you spent money and time registering and warming, all of it could be completely wasted and not work at all. So, a couple notes here. Who is this good for? Is it good for anyone? So, I actually use mailin as one of my providers for my system. They're really affordable. It's easy to set up and I know that I'm really good at cold emailing. I get really limited spam reports. So, I trust myself to keep that IP address pretty clean. Now, just logging in so you can see what this looks like. With just a few clicks, you can purchase new domains, set up mailboxes, and then quickly export them into your Instantly account. And as you can see, I have 375 active mailboxes here with 75 domains. Here's a list of all of my mailboxes. It's really easy to spin them up. It's really easy to put them into here instantly, and it's a really affordable solution. But I also want to strongly caution you against using this until you have a lot of experience and until you have a working system with Google or Microsoft mailboxes. So how do you know if it's a managed IP service or an unmanaged IP service? Well, the biggest tell is going to be the price range. For services like mailin or informmail, you'll see really attractive pricing. So let's look at inframail as an example. For $99 per month, you can set up unlimited email mailboxes. If it sounds too good to be true, it usually is. This comes with one dedicated IP ready to go. And I don't want to hate on Inframail for what they do. They do a great job. So does Mailin. But if that one dedicated IP gets flagged, the reputation drops, then all of those unlimited email mailboxes will cease to hit the inbox. They will all start going to spam. Now, you can absolutely mitigate your risk by doing like a 250 per month plan for three dedicated IPs. But again, if one of those IPs goes down, it's dedicated and nobody's in charge of its reputation but you. So you'll see pricing either that either looks like this with unlimited mailboxes or you'll see pricing at at around $1 per mailbox per month. So this is 300 per month comes with 200 email accounts per month. So if it's under $2 per month per mailbox, you better believe it's going to be a unmanaged IP address that you are in charge of. As you can see, dedicated servers and IPs. Now, if you want to try one of these services out, I recommend mailin. There's going to be a link down below, but you should not do this by itself. You should absolutely have Google or Microsoft first. All right, the next category I want to talk to you about is SMTP services with managed IP addresses. These are not Google, they're not Microsoft. They're still custom server mailboxes. Now, these are not Google, they're not Microsoft, but in this case, the company is actually going to be in charge of the IP address. And if one gets ruined, they'll rotate it out so that you constantly have clean and high reputation IP addresses, kind of similar to what Microsoft and Google do on their back end. All right, so what does one of these services look like? How much does it cost? Is it is it worth using? And I'll also talk about some of the main players in this space. So these are typically the most expensive because there's typically a setup fee involved and there's typically a high per month mailbox fee. I've used Mission Inbox in the past and it ended up being around $5 per month per mailbox. Now, the quality of these companies are really based around how clean they keep their IP addresses and how well they're able to monitor the sending reputation and deliverability of their mailboxes. So, the difference in cost from the mail-ins, which are the unmanaged IPs, to the mission inboxes, is these guys are actually going to help you with deliverability. They're going to keep the IP reputation clean. They're going to do deliverability checks. They're going to make sure that you're hitting the inbox, but you pay for it. So, Mission Inbox, this is the service that I've used in the past and I've tested. It works really well. It just can get a little bit pricey. This one is $199 per month. Comes with 30 mailboxes. So, as you can see, already starting off quite a bit more expensive than the other options. Meldoso is another one. Uh, it's a little bit more affordable at 166 per month for 68 mailboxes. And as you can see, that's build quarterly. So, this is a little bit more of a commitment. You can also come in and calculate what something like this is going to cost. And again, when you're deciding which one to use, Meldoso, Mission Inbox, there's a lot of other players in this game as well, it really comes down to how good are they at managing their IP reputation. And at the end of the day, they're slightly worse than Google at managing that IP reputation because deliverability overall was still lower. So, for me, it wasn't worth justifying the extra cost. Now, if you do want to try one of these services, and by the way, I'm not telling you not to do any of these things. I'm not telling you you absolutely need to be on Google. My actual recommendation is you should have at least three providers inside of your system and that is just in case one of them goes down. Maybe Google deliverability drops overnight, maybe Microsoft deliverability drops overnight. You should be able to hedge your risk with multiple different providers. So now that you kind of understand the differences, this is what I do and this is what you should probably do to give yourself the best chance at not messing up the technical infrastructure. Use Google mailboxes. Right now they're the top performing and I don't see anything happening to them anytime soon. The risk with any of these custom SMTPs is the rules can change overnight and they're going to be the first ones to die. So use Google and you should use a setup service like LGJ inbox to make sure that the DNS records are set up correctly, they're uploaded to your platform correctly, and they're warming correctly. For mailboxes, you should either use the founders's name. So if this is me setting up mailboxes for myself, all of my mailboxes have Jay Feldman as the name. So, if you don't want to use your personal name, or maybe you have a name that's not easy to pronounce and doesn't instill trust when you hear it, you can always default to an easy one-cllable white girl name. Ruth, Jen. These tend to convert the best and no one will ever actually check if that's a real person. So, how many mailboxes should you set up per domain? This is an ongoing conversation between me and lots of different cold email experts, and there's no correct answer. I'll tell you what I'm doing right now, and that's five mailboxes for every domain. The more important question than how many mailboxes per domain do I set up is how many total emails per day per domain am I sending? So you really want to send around 100 emails per day per domain. Sorry, doing this with my mouse on the sketch pad. So if you have five mailboxes, then you want to be sending no more than 25 emails per day per mailbox. If you want to do three mailboxes per domain, then you can send up to 33 emails per day per mailbox. Now again, these aren't hard limits. This isn't written anywhere. Google and Microsoft would never publish what their safe sending limits actually are. What we do is use the information and testing to take our best guess. So, what I'm typically doing is five mailboxes per domain. Each of them scaling up slowly to 25 emails per day per mailbox. And yes, my math was off. That is 20 20 emails per day per mailbox if we're sending at five. I apologize for my brain. I've been recording for hours now. Now, the honest truth is that we know less emails per day is is better. It keeps the domain safer, which means the campaigns last longer and deliverability is higher. Now, if you want, you can scale those mailboxes all the way up to 50 until maybe you start seeing a little deliverability dip. But this is my recommendation. Choose to follow it or not. But I definitely want to caution you against cranking the volume up too high and too fast. Now, I do have a word of caution for you. This is something that ended me up in a lot of trouble and a lot of people I know al who also did this practice that is no longer not recommended ended them in some trouble too and that's mailbox forwarding. So we talked about domain forwarding which is where you want one domain to redirect to your primary domain. That's still safe. That's fine. Mailbox forwarding is when an email comes to my mailbox. It automatically autoforwards to a central mailbox. maybe someone from my team, then any emails that were being responded to in my cold email system, those responses would get forwarded to my primary mailbox. So, the recommendation is do not use mailbox forwarding. You should respond to all of your cold email replies from within the instantly unbox. And honestly, at this point, there's no reason not to because they've given you so many great tools to make it unbelievably easy and quick and effective to reply from here that you shouldn't want to forward to a central mailbox anyways. So anywhere you see add a forwarding address. Avoid it like the plague. Don't touch it. And there's going to get be multiple opportunities to add that. >> Quick explanation on why we no longer use email forwarding. So let's talk about the situation that we're usually in. You send a cold email to somebody. Let's say person A to mailbox B. This is me. I'm I'm A sending an email to mailbox B. Now say this is all in instantly AI. Mailbox A is loaded up in instantly. It sends that email to email B. Email B responds to email A and now you have an open dialogue with that email. Now what you might be tempted to do instead of using the instantly unbox is setting up an auto forwarding rule to send that email to now mailbox C which is my primary inbox with my team managing it and it's not connected to instantly AI. Maybe this is even my primary domain. So, my most authoritative mailbox with my best domain, so it looks and looks and sounds really good. Maybe this is Jotterpr.com. And this seems really tempting cuz now you can have your team just monitor a single mailbox that's collecting all of the cold email responses to all of these these mailboxes loaded up in instantly. Now, the problem with that is these two mailboxes, A and B, have an open line of communication. It's a thread and you're already in mailbox B's inbox. You don't have to worry about you going to spam. You're already talking to that person. You're in the inbox. You did it. However, once you reply to email B from email C, it is the first time that you're communicating with that person between these two mailboxes. So, mailbox B just sees this as another cold email. Therefore, you can't really say what you would say here, which is dropping them links, pictures, videos, pretty much anything you say from email A to B as the the reply back to their reply will go through and end up in their inbox. However, if you send it from email C, even if it's your primary mailbox, email B still sees that as a cold email and is likely to reject it. >> So, we just talked a lot about different mailbox services, how to set them up from scratch, whether you're using Google or Microsoft. Now, I just want to walk you through what the setup process would actually look like if you did decide to use either my setup service or somebody else's. So, we're going to visit lead genenj/inbox. Now, whether you're using my setup service or somebody else's, there should be three core benefits here. One, you're saving a ton of money on the Google mailbox subscriptions. That's the main primary benefit. That's why you want to use someone with negotiated rates. The second benefit is you don't have to think about the DNS being set up correctly. It's such a common area where people f up. So, if you can take that fear and risk out of your system, that'll let you focus on the stuff that's really hard and really matters, which is the list building and the copyrightiting. And it's important for you to have somebody that you can reach out to that can step in and help. Get a mailbox reconnected, do a deliverability test for you. All of these are problems and questions that you're going to run into as you're building your system. So, it's important to have a technician available to you to make sure your infrastructure is sound. And if you're paying me $3 per month per mailbox, you're saving a ton of money on subscriptions and you get access to my team of mailbox text. And I'm not trying to shill this setup service. There's a lot of them that exist, but that is an important distinction. I I should also point out this distinction. If you're signing up for Instantly AI, you may notice that they have pre-warmed accounts, donefor you email setup. They offer these services on their own and they're solid. It's a good service. The problem with using instantly or smart lead setup service is you're locked in. They want to keep your mailboxes inside of their ecosystem. They're not going to support you with those mailboxes and they're not going to let you take them away from their ecosystem if you ever decide to go elsewhere. And this is a big problem that most people don't think about. But I've switched cold email softwares more times than I'd like to count. And if they're keeping my pre-warmed high reputation domains and mailboxes inside of this ecosystem and they won't let me leave, that's not great. So use instantly. They're great. Just word of caution with that setup service. All right, so let's pop in. We're just going to put in our name, our email, and I'm going to skip through this really quick just so you can get the gist. Choose how many mailboxes you want. Each mailbox is going to be $3 per month per mailbox. So if you're doing five mailboxes per domain, then I would start anywhere from 25 to 50 mailboxes. So, you'll choose how many mailboxes you want and then a setup option. So, you have two options here. You can either buy the domains yourself first, spaceship, GoDaddy, wherever you want, and then give us access and we can set them up for you, or you can do easy mode and we'll just buy the domains for you and set them up for you. And then we can transfer the domains to your account for you to take over management. You can then select the number of domains to purchase and the mailboxes per domain. So, this is a conditional form. So, if you want 50 mailboxes, it's going to assume five mailboxes per domain. But say you want to do less. You can change this to 15 domains and our team would do three mailboxes per domain. Then go to the next step. You're going to tell us which website to forward your secondary domains to the email sender name that you want to use. Upload a mailbox photo because these are Google. Any special instructions you might have, and then it's going to give you a summary of fees. we're going to get uh access to your Instantly account. So, if you already have an Instantly, you'll tell us exactly where they are so that my team can upload those mailboxes for you. You'll give us the login to that and then that's it. You'll go ahead and pay and my team will set those up for you uh usually within 24 hours. So, what is the best software stack that the best cold emailers in the world are using? Over the past 10 years, I've used over 65 different cold email tools I counted while I was searching for the best software stack to scale cold email, but also manage cold email for clients. I regular speak with the owners at all of the top cold email companies as well as the top cold email agencies in the world. So today, I bring you 10 years of software wisdom without any sponsorship or ads. This is the definitive tech stack that you should use for B2B lead generation. So, there's a few things that you're going to need to do cold email successfully. The first thing you're going to need is a cold email sending software. This is a tool where you can upload all of your cold email mailboxes and manage them. This tool will manage your cold email leads. So, you upload a lead list and then it keeps track of that lead like a CRM. This tool is also responsible for sending cold email sequences. So, you can program in send email, wait two days, send another email, wait two days, send another email, all with AB variations. And this tool is also responsible for managing replies. There's a lot of different options when it comes to cold email sending software. It's a super competitive market. Now, over the past several years, I've really seen it consolidate into a couple of winners. So, I really want to focus today's conversation on those winners and some of the considerations that are important to you when you're choosing the right tool. First one is pricing structure. I remember when I started cold emailing, it was $50 per mailbox and it was just absurd pricing. We were using Woodpecker, just really not scalable. Instantly, AI, the one that I'm using now, which is obviously the one I'm going to recommend. I'm going to tell you why, actually pioneered the unlimited mailbox pricing scheme. And since then, most of the softwares have followed suit just to keep up. What you're going to see now is a pricing structure that's usually a a monthly fee. So, let's go into Instantly and show you what the building looks like. So, this is what you're primarily going to see in terms of pricing structure. So outreach is what we're interested in. Let's go into a monthly fee. You're going to see unlimited email accounts, unlimited email warm-up. This is what all of the top players are doing now. And they're going to charge you based on contacts. So the more contacts you have in there, the more that monthly fee becomes. Another consideration is deliverability features. So as the race to create the best cold email software has continued, certain tools like Instantly AI have released a lot of really interesting features. This whole lefth hand side, which I'm going to go through shortly, has features that make your whole cold email experience a lot easier. So, you don't have to use multiple tools. It all happens under one roof, which makes everything a lot more streamlined and a lot easier. So, what kind of deliverability features do they offer? The quality of warm-up. One of the interesting things about free unlimited warm-up is that it can attract a lot of bad cheap mailboxes inside of a warm-up pool and then anyone who's in that warm-up pool can be tainted. We're going to talk more in depth about warm-up soon, but just know that if the software has a lowquality warm-up pool, that warm-up can actually do damage and not help you. The accuracy of the data, there's a lot of data involved in cold email, not just lead data, but reply data, open data, opportunity data, and all of that data is aggregated so you can make the right decisions. And a lot of the platforms have not mastered the accuracy and reporting of that data. Another consideration, do you want to just use this for yourself or are you planning on managing clients on that tool as well? One feature that a lot of people overlook and just assume it's all equal until it's too late is the unibly features. So, one of the biggest differentiators between reach inbox and instantly AI right now is the ability to go into the unbox and quickly reply to conversations. And lastly, their API. So, if you're a little bit more advanced, what can you actually do in the back end with automation? and we're going to be chatting about that towards the end. So, here are the major players, the winners that have made it and are now competing for the top spot in cold email software cuz there's a lot of money there. And there's really two names that most people end up going with, and that is Instantly AI or Smart Lead. I'm going to talk about some of the others as well, but I really want to focus around those two. And if you see this meme on the on the right, I bet he's thinking about other women. Should I choose Instantly or Smart Lead? That one's funny. So important to note, I've used all of these extensively with success. They all work. The question is which one is going to be the best for you and which one is winning the race cuz it's really hard to transfer from one of these to another one. It's a pain in the butt if you have to do it. So, you may as well choose the one that's going to be the right for you long term. And I can't tell you the horror stories of all the people that have had to transfer from one of these to instantly because of a specific feature that they wanted or some new update. So in short, Instantly AI best overall. I'll be telling you why. Smart lead second best to Reach Inbox can be a really good value. In fact, Reach Inbox is almost equivalent to Smart Lead and Instantly AI. They've got good APIs now. They fix their warm-up pool. There's just a couple bugs that make it not quite as good, and they don't have some of the more advanced features that Instantly Now has. But if you're looking for good value, uh Reach Inbox will definitely be slightly more affordable. Now, good story here. They came out with a lifetime plan last year that I jumped on. I promoted. I actually have two of them. I paid for them myself and thousands of people bought this lifetime plan. Reach Inbox themselves told me I changed the trajectory of their company. But their issue was the warm-up pool at the time. And a bunch of people signed up and started using Reach Inbox and were hitting spam. And this is even though in my video I said I'm buying this lifetime deal and I'm sitting on it while I use instantly AI which ended up being a really good idea but people who are trying to cut corners and save a few bucks went into use reach inbox and ended up everything was in spam and it wasn't working. I do have a good relationship with all of these companies but instantly AI is the one that I use for myself now because of the features that I will mention soon. I also see some people using Apollo.io for sending cold emails although you can. It's not really built for scaling cold email systems. So, I would not recommend using it. All right, so you guessed it. My recommendation is to use Instantly AI for the following reasons. They have the highest quality warm-up pool. I've never had a single problem with their warm-up. The deliverability is excellent. And on that note, they have really unique deliverability features that a lot of other platforms don't have. So, let's talk about a few of those features. One of them you probably saw me share earlier, and that is their inbox placement testing and rotation. This is an absolute gamecher because this is something we used to do manually. They'll actually do real life testing of deliverability. This way you know how an inbox is actually placing. We'll talk about this more in depth during the deliverability chapter. But this is built in so it happens automatically every single day. And the best part about this is we used to do this manually. Uh mailbox wasn't delivering correctly. You take it out of rotation, warm it up, put it back in. Instantly now does that all automatically. So they've got these automations that you can set up. So, if inbox placement goes below a certain level, it actually pauses it from the sending campaign and then you can put it back in once the inbox placement goes back up. These are all automations that I'll walk you through shortly. Other thing that's important to know about Instantly in terms of deliverability is they have so much data. They're by far the number one cold email platform and they actually utilize all of that data that they have to tell me if somebody is likely to bounce, likely to report me as spam and they'll actually skip that person. And if you want to see some really cool advanced stuff, this is something new that they've released. You can actually do AI lead filtering. So if somebody's hostile, you can skip them. And if they're unlikely to reply, you can send last. And this is only possible because of all of the data that instantly collects on a daily basis. The next feature is the unib. Now, you really want a solution that makes it easy for you to reply, know somebody replied, and their unbox experience is by far the best. Now the reason for that is they've integrated AI really cleanly. It looks like my AI has already responded to this guy. But say I wanted to reply to this email. They've got a lot of features built in that make it really simple for me to do that. One of them is snippets. So if I hit the pound button, it's going to open up all of these macros and I can quickly insert personalized replies to them with the click of a button. But they also have AI integrated. So let me open up my Otter PR workspace here so you can see what it looks like when a teammate is responding to these emails. I hit reply. Now, what you would notice is because they have OpenAI integrated into lots of different layers of their system, it'll actually suggest the best reply for you. So, all you have to do is hit tab and it'll get inserted. They also have a really great app so you can download it on your phone and anytime an interested reply comes in, you can get a push notification and handle that reply right from your mobile device. They've done a really good job integrating AI into every part of the experience. And by the time you're watching this, they probably would have added more stuff. They're just developing so quickly. They've now got this co-pilot that will help you do just about everything to make it as easy as possible to launch a cold email campaign. Now, with that being said, I want to caution you against using AI to write your cold emails or generate a list. I've tried all of it. None of it can do it nearly as well as you'll be able to do it. So, do not trust any AI to write your emails or develop your list. Just don't. Lastly, Instantly has a really strong API. I've yet to find a single thing that I can't do with back-end automation in Instantly AI. just works really well and it helps me develop really cool stuff like this to build custom solutions to my problems. And a warning, do not cheap out or get sucked in by cheap deals for cold email software or for lead data. Let me just show you something really quickly to hopefully scare you away from doing anything like this. So, if you type in cold email on AppSumo, you're going to see some deals. Now, if it's email verification, that's fine. You can use um AppSumo email verification tools. What I want to caution you against is using some of their other stuff like Mistria for email marketing or new reply. And if I'm looking for lead data, like maybe I want to see if I can get a lifetime subscription to something, you might think about going for lead rocks here. I have the highest plan on this and I haven't used it more than twice because the first time was such a disaster. It's just not worth making your life harder when you're trying to get cold email right. If you cheap out on data, if you cheap out on software, this stuff is not going to work. So, use my recommended stuff. My goal is to save you as much money and get you 99% of the way there. And this is the same stuff that I do in my own systems. I want to give you the most affordable solutions that actually work, but stay far away from lifetime subscriptions. They're here for a reason, and it's because they're not there yet. All right. Now, I want to give you an abridged Instantly AI walkthrough of what what to expect. I also want to point you to this resource. This is uh an hour and 10 minutes of me going through each detail of Instantly. It was done 4 months ago, but it's still hyper relevant. So, if you want a deeper dive, definitely check that video out. But for now, let's jump into Instantly. And you'll probably see that it looks a little bit different than the video I did 4 months ago because they're developing so quickly. So, I'm just going to walk you through some of the basics here, what to expect inside of your Instantly AI account. So, a couple things to note here. You'll have tokens up here in the top right. You can use these for finding leads. Most of you are not going to be using this because you're going to be using my list building tools and strategies. Instantly is a little bit expensive. You can toggle between all of the different workspaces really quickly here. So, if you are managing clients inside of Instantly AI, they've made it really easy just to drop down and get to a different workspace in seconds. Now, the most important tab when you first log into Instantly is going to be this email accounts tab. Once you set it up here once, you'll probably never come back here again. So, you'll see all of these different mailboxes set up, all configured to send, warm-up emails, and all of these mailboxes have a couple different columns. Emails sent, warm-up emails, health score. You'll also see a couple things below them: tagging, just so you can keep your mailboxes organized. Each one of these is a mailbox that can send cold emails, link to cold email campaigns. Now, if you're using a setup service, they'll install these for you, but it's important for you to go in and make sure your warm-up is configured correctly. Now, you can edit one at a time. So, I'm going to open one of these up, and you'll see warm-up settings and the campaigns it's attached to. Let's go into settings just to configure everything correctly. I like to have the signature here at the account level. That way, you don't have to put it in all of the campaigns. All you have to do is insert the signature placeholder, which we'll talk about later. You can tag each individual mailbox with where that domain is purchased, where that mailbox is set up. This one's on Google. You can set campaign settings. Right now, I have each of these mailboxes set to send up to 10 emails per day with a minimum wait time of 5 minutes. This is a really important feature that everybody needs to activate. This is campaign slow ramp. Honestly, it should be on by default. This will progressively increase the number of cold emails a mailbox sends until it hits that limit. Daily inbox placement tests, that's how many times it does a placement test per mailbox per day. Highly recommend using that. Your custom tracking domain, which we already talked about. And finally, your warm-up settings. So, my recommendation for warm-up settings here is increase at one per day until you reach the number that you have set here. So, if this is 25 or 30, then you should increase until you hit 25 or 30 per day. And you leave this warm-up on indefinitely. I do something a little bit contrarian at the reply rate. You'll see that the suggested says 30. I actually use a really high reply rate. So, this is something you can try. Honestly, you can use 30, you can use 95. It all works. I then activate pretty much all of the warm-up advanced settings. You do need to be on the $97 per month plan to activate these advanced settings. Now, one of the great things about Instantly is their ability to bulk update mailboxes. So, I just selected all 890. I can come into bulkedit settings. As you can see, they're all blank because it's going to edit this field for all of them. So, if I only want to edit the campaign settings and bring that bring them all to like 15, I could just do that. Hit save and it'll all go to 15. makes it really easy to bulkedit stuff. Now, once all of your mailboxes are in here and warming, want to select them all, make sure that warm-up is enabled, you also want to make sure that the warm-up emails are going up and that the health score is 100%. This health score is not a perfect metric. Uh, in fact, I wouldn't count on it at all, especially because we have inbox placement now. This is a much better metric and tell of how a mailbox is actually performing. So, the health score is fine at a glance, but you should really be using the inbox placement tests. And this column on the left is how many actual cold emails it's sending in your real campaigns, not your warm-up emails. Now, one thing you should absolutely do once you get set up in here is click test domain setup. It's a secret button that will tell you if all of your records are set up correctly. Make sure that you do this before you activate any of these mailboxes. And if anything's wrong, it'll show up in red with the thing that's wrong so that you can go fix it. Okay, that's mailboxes. Let's go to the next most important tab, and that is campaigns. This is where you keep all of your different sequences. Now, the way that I recommend segmenting your instantly is each of these campaigns should be either different offers or different audiences. That way, you can test, okay, we're going to try marketing agencies here and doctors here and lawyers here. That way, you can use the same copy and see what industry responds better. Each of these campaigns has a lead list attached to it, which is why that structure makes sense because think of each of these as different sequences with different lead lists. And you can get away with just having one campaign. You can ignore mine. I I do a lot of testing in here, but you don't need a zillion campaigns. You can have one, you can have three. They can be the same sequences in each campaign, all with different lead lists. All right, so let's go into one of these campaigns so that you can see the structure. I'm going to click add new. You can title the campaign and then it's going to take you just into one of these. And this is what a campaign looks like once it's developed and active. First page is the analytics. So you can see how that campaign is performing. This is a newer one. So I'm going to go last four weeks. You can toggle some of the metrics that are on these analytics. So for example, I don't track open rates because I don't use tracking links and I don't track click rate because I don't use tracking links. So I can disable those and just pick the metrics that actually matter. And this is especially helpful if you're managing clients because now you can just hit share and give them a report. And if you scroll down, you can actually see the steps. So this is email one, email two, email three, and you'll see ABCDE. These are different split test variations that I've created and tested. Some of these are off because we found what the top performing campaign was. Next is leads. So the first thing that you're going to do when you launch a new campaign is upload your lead list. And don't get ahead of yourself. We'll talk about building a lead list in a further chapter, but you're going to add leads here. Typically through CSV upload. Super search is their lead finder. Can also upload through Google Sheets. Typically, I'll just do a CSV upload. Now, another cool hidden feature inside of Instantly is this little blue brain. Anytime you see something blue and cool looking, it's probably an AI feature. So, Instantly lets you run these AI prompts. And as you can see, a lot of the top template hub ones are from me. Or maybe just this one. Find competitor. You can use other people's AI prompts to enrich your list. So, it'll go through your specific lead and it'll add a column with an AI personalization. All you have to do is connect your OpenAI account here and then select a template. You can also create some of your own templates here. As you can see, we've done quite a bit of that oursel. All right. So, you'll upload your lead list and then you'll develop your sequences. Your sequences are the emails that those people are receiving. We're going to talk extensively about the right structure for a sequence and what to write. Now is not the time. Just know that this is where that sequence is housed. The schedule, when do we want these emails to send? This one's just set for weekdays, kind of business hours. And then options. I want to spend a little bit of time here because there's a lot of customization available. And it's important for you to know what's worth activating and what's not. So, accounts to use. What I do in pretty much all of my workspaces is I just enable every email account across every campaign. and it instantly does a good job cycling through those inboxes and just using the ones that still have sending capability. And that way you don't have to track. Okay, these 10 mailboxes are here. Those 10 mailboxes are there. Just all the mailboxes are everywhere. And you can add them just with tags like this. Okay, so some of the features that you should consider activating. Stop sending emails on reply, enable, open tracking, disable, delivery optimization. So instantly really does try and stay ahead of the deliverability curve. Send emails as text only. No HTML. This prevents you from using any tracking links. And I highly recommend that you do use this. Send first email as text only. So this enables you to actually have the first email in your sequence. Use text only and then the second one using links or images. I don't use those personally in my campaigns, but if you do plan on using a YouTube link, maybe in the second email or an image in the third email, then you might want to consider enabling this daily limit. Honestly, I don't even worry about it. I just crank it way up and I set my limits at the mailbox level, not the campaign level. Now, let's open up all of these campaign options. The CRM owner, so who's going to own the lead in the uni box once somebody replies? Who's going to get the notification? You can designate that here and they're going to be in charge of those leads. You can tag your campaigns. So, you can tag them by industry, by offer, just to help you keep organized. I actually don't use campaign tags. Sending pattern. You can set the time gap between emails at either the campaign level or the mailbox level. And I do this as you saw earlier at the mailbox level. You can set maximum new leads per day. So if for example a campaign is just crushing it and you can't keep up, you can set a limit here. Good problems to have. Prioritize new leads. So who is prioritize new leads relevant for? This is actually going to prioritize more email ones. So reaching out to more people, not reaching out to somebody more times. So if you have a large total addressable market, you have a lot of people that could be your clients. For example, my PR agency and my lead genen service, we can do that service for just about any company. So there's millions of people that I can reach out to. I might want to consider prioritizing new leads over follow-ups. I leave this off, but if your goal is to hit as many people as possible, that is an option for you. If you're somebody who knows you're not going to be in here checking your tests and choosing winners, Instant AI has a feature. You can set the winning variation based on one of these metrics. Now, if you're following my advice, you already know which of these metrics are usable. Which one is it? That's right, reply rate. And the reason for that is click rate and open rate both require tracking links, which we do not use. We don't track clicks. We don't track opens. So, if we wanted to, we can choose the winning metric based on reply rate. I don't use that because there's actually a better metric that you can use to choose winners and that's positive reply rate. How many opportunities that variation is actually generating. One variation might get 10% reply rate which is crazy. That's huge. But what if all of those replies are negative whereas one variation is getting a 5% reply rate but they're all positive. This would choose the wrong winner. Provider matching we already talked about. I leave that off and I'm using mostly Google mailboxes. There's some other helpful stuff here too. company reply stop. So, if you're emailing multiple people at the same company, do you want to stop emailing other people at the company if one replies? That's not a bad idea. Typically, we're only emailing decision makers, so we don't bother turning that on. Stop on auto reply. This is something you can choose to or not to enable. Uh we don't do not enable that. Insert unsubscribe link header. What do you think? Do you think we enable that or disable that? That's right. No links, no unsubscribe links. So, we leave that off. Now, I kind of mentioned some of these deliverability features earlier, and this is a good example of that. Allow risky emails. So, Instantly will automatically identify people as risky using bounce protect. They have known risky database, and they cross reference your leads against that database to tell you whether or not it's safe to send an email to that person. And it'll skip them if they're matched in that database. You want that to happen. So, you want to leave these unchecked and let instantly do their thing. That's it. The rest is blank. And that's how you configure some of these options. Moving on to the final tab, subsequences. This is a a nifty feature if you want to automate the responses again. So you can create a subsequence. I'm going to call this test. That basically adds the lead to the subsequence if it detects that they're interested or if they reply using a keyword like pricing. It'll then put them into the subsequence where you can send them follow-up emails. So this is a way to automate your replies in a really beginnerfriendly controlled fashion. So if you're just getting started, you want to start automating your replies. My recommendation would be to use a trigger word. So for example, in the sequence, you can say reply media coverage. And if they say that in the reply, the subsequence will detect that and then send them whatever follow-up email that you would normally have planned for them. Okay, moving on. The unib. We're going to talk about managing replies in here. You should just know a few things. Instantly uses AI to automatically categorize people as interested, not interested, out of office, and it's fairly accurate. So if you come to your status, you really want to focus on your interested leads, but you should also know that their unib is not perfect. Sometimes it misfires and gets things wrong. So for that reason, if it does misfire, you can just change their tag status here. Instantly also captures any other emails coming in to the mailboxes that are connected. So if you're using that mailbox somewhere else or someone on your team is using it, it'll actually catch all of the incoming mail. And if you've deleted a lead from a campaign, maybe to make some space, save some money, and that lead responds months later even though they're not in your system anymore because you've deleted them, it'll still catch their interested email in the others tab. Okay, I'm not going to spend too much time here since it's relatively self-explanatory. The most important thing is that you're responding quickly, speed to lead, and that you understand how to use these macros and develop macros. You can just hit the pound key and give them whatever macro fits their reply. And then instantly we'll actually learn which reply you're using in response to certain emails and it'll start suggesting the right macro and then you can turn on an experimental feature that I'll share with you in just a second. Now, what if somebody says go f yourself and you should never contact me again? You can really quickly get rid of somebody with these three dots. Delete lead, add to block list. Or if somebody takes a certain action, you can really quickly move them to a subsequence or to another campaign. So maybe you have a campaign that's follow up in 30 days. You can move that lead to that campaign really quickly here. Okay. Analytics gives you an overview of everything going on inside of your account. Total emails sent. You can get a quick overview of all of the campaign analytics. The same that you would get by going into each of those campaigns like I showed you earlier. The unique thing here that I want to show you is account analytics. So this will actually give you detailed information about each mailbox and it gives them a combined score. So if you're testing different service providers, this is actually an important metric to look at which mailboxes are performing the best. Now it's not a true tell of which mailbox is best because certain campaigns might be performing better than others. And it could be due to the campaign performance, not the mailbox performance. But either way, it's a hidden feature that's worth mentioning. Okay, next. Instantly CRM. If you've ever used a CRM, this is going to look very familiar. You can come into an opportunities pipeline, move people across, this helps you keep track of leads inside of your campaigns in your pipelines, and if you've got a team trying to convert interested replies into into meetings, this is a great place to do it. It's a pretty standard opportunity pipeline, so I won't go too detailed there. Website visitors, this will ID emails of people visiting your website. It's okay. Uh I don't use it anymore. I actually use a different solution for this that I will talk about later on. Inbox placement, this was a game changer for cold email. This does daily tests, real life inbox placement tests on those mailboxes to make sure that they're inboxing. And you can set up those automations to auto rotate in and out. To set up a new inbox placement test, you'll just hit add new. I'm just going to do test. It's pretty self-explanatory. We want automated tests. We want to go to where we're emailing, so North America in most cases. Accounts to test. So, you can either go through and click them one by one, or you can mass tag all your mailboxes and then just use a tag to basically get them all in there. campaign to use. So, this is what copy it's going to to be testing with and then again what copy to test with. Do you want to enable delivery optimization? Yes. If you're doing it on your campaign, you should do it here as well. You want to test every day. I recommend doing one by one and then set up those automations. I would just take a screenshot of the automations that I have set up and then that's what you will use. So, let's open up inbox placement test so that you can take a screenshot. Okay, here it is. This is what you're going to do. Action one. If inbox placement goes below 50%, you're going to pause it from the sending campaign for 14 days. If the account or domain is added to any blacklist, it will know and it'll pause for 14 days. And then finally, once an inbox placement goes above 70%, meaning it's recovered from this, then it'll slow ramp it back into that campaign. This automates your entire email deliverability and makes life so much easier than it used to. Okay, some honorable mentions here. Instantly co-pilot, this is a brand new feature that they rolled out. I don't use AI at all to generate campaigns, generate lead lists. I've tried it with other platforms. It's not quite there. It's way too nuanced. So, I would not recommend using anything like this to generate an entire campaign or an entire lead list. It's just not there yet. But, if you want to take it for a whirl, go in there and play with some Instantly Copilot stuff. Super Search is Instantly's lead database. I'm sure they will continue to refine this, but it's essentially a lead database that you can use filters and add contacts directly into the campaigns for you or use your search AI to tell it what kind of leads that you want and have AI find them for you. Again, not recommended. What I recommend is you learn how to build good lists, which you will learn in this video. Don't rely on AI to do that for you. All right. Finally, let's just show you a couple of the settings that are important here. So if you are white labeling instantly and you have clients that you want to give access to, you can set up a custom domain and a logo and then you can give clients specific access to accounts with access to their unbox to view campaigns. So they do make it really easy for you to manage like a cold email agency. Lots of different permissions and unlimited users. So you can add whoever you want with various different access levels. So it makes it really easy to manage your team and have everybody work under this workspace as well. Custom tags, lead labels, pretty self-explanatory here. You can use these to stay organized. Okay, now the fun stuff. Default opportunity value. This is a vanity metric. I don't really respect people who come in here and say, "Oh, look how much opportunity value I have." I'm way more concerned with how many positive opportunities than the perceived value. So, set that opportunity value at whatever you want. I think it defaults to 500. Some things that I think you should activate. All the AI automations automatically tag lead status and replies. This is what tags them as interested or not interested or out of office. You definitely want to leave that on. AI inbox manager is that experimental feature that I was telling you about earlier. Once it starts to learn which canned responses that you're using, it'll start to suggest them first. That's the AI assisted. And then AI inbox manager is where it fully takes over. I do not use this, but if you are somebody who wants to experiment and trust it, just keep a close eye on it. Automatically suggest replies using OpenAI. This is the feature that I was talking about earlier where you're in the unbox and it starts to suggest the reply. We want to keep that on. That's helpful. This one we want to keep on as well. Now, some unbox features. This again is preference. I don't like to show auto replies in unbox. I like mine clean. Save non-instantly emails in unbox. So, they give you a lot of control over how you want your unbox to look. This is how I have it configured. The only thing on is saving non-instantly emails in the Unibox. Outreach preferences. This is how you should have it configured. You want to automatically pause campaigns with high bounce rates. that means something's wrong with your list and you want to stop it immediately. The rest of these are a little bit more advanced and really not necessary. Send emails one at a time. You want to configure that at the mailbox level. Reset your AB tracking usage daily. So, if you're somebody who's doing like daily testing, this is really important. And then you want to make sure that you have these positive reply notifications turned on, especially if you don't have any more advanced workflows set up. Now, you'll see later I have some more advanced workflows that handle this for me, but if you're just getting started, go to your email preferences, make sure that that's flipped on. You want to know what that looks like. Lastly, you want to turn on V2 analytics if it's not already on by default. This is going to give you more accurate tracking data. Okay, integrations. We're going to be talking about extensively later, how to build back-end automations, integrate this with Zapier or N8N. They've got really good web hooks, and they've got great integrations with a lot of the platforms that you already probably use. Block list is very important. These are people that you do not want instantly to contact. Think your existing customers, your vendors, your competitors. You can add them to a block list. My best way is through this Google sheet. Make a Google sheet, make it public, and then have one column of just emails that it avoids. This block list here is the one that's coming directly from the Unibox or through API calls. But this Google sheet is one that we manage on our end. So, a new client signs up, we add them to this block list, and now instantly knows not to reach out to them. They also have these AI block list triggers. So you can add unsubscribes to block list. If they're marked as unsubscribe, it can add them to block list or it looks for certain words. Maybe someone's saying go f yourself. It can look for those trigger words and automatically add somebody to that block list for you. And lastly, advanced deliverability. I like to keep these on. Why not use instantly's data? So if they're unlikely to reply, you can either skip or send last. I don't trust that one as much as I trust hostile prospects. I do not want to email hostile prospects. It's bad for team morale. They're highly likely to report me as spam. I don't do it. I skip those. And deliverability optimization. Disable open tracking across the board. I can enable this. It's not going to make any difference in my campaigns because I already do this at the campaign level. Okay. So, that is a brief overview of Instantly AI. Again, if you want a more detailed walkthrough, you can watch this video. It's over an hour long and will tell you everything that you need to know. Now, also good info. If you decide not to use Instate AI and you're using Smart Lead or Reach Inbox, you'll notice that a lot of this looks exactly the same, plus or minus a couple of features, but those features can be really important when it comes to scaling your cold email system. Even this inbox placement tool in itself, without this, I'd have to do this in an outside tool like email guard, and it really complicates my ability to scale these cold email systems. There's one subskll of email marketing that I would argue is the most valuable skill that you can learn if you want to make seven figures. Now, this skill solves a problem that some of my most savage entrepreneur friends still constantly deal with, and it costs them millions of dollars if that problem doesn't get fixed. And the craziest thing is that it's still a total blue ocean. There's literally no competition. So, what is that mysterious skill? Well, if you want to get rich in email marketing, you should specialize in email deliverability. And in this module, I'm going to take you from a deliver a baby, get it, to an expert that can actually start charging my friends to fix their spam problems. So, let's get into it. So, today we're talking about the perfect cold email deliverability. How to reach the inbox every time. And it's actually really easy. So, first, let's chat about some of the main factors that affect email deliverability. There's the domain configuration. This is how your DNS is set up, all the records that we talked about earlier. the age of your domain. The magic number is 30 days to actually start sending emails from that domain. But an older domain is a safer domain. If you have domains that are a year, 2 years, 3 years old, that age actually counts towards the reputation. And then the domain reputation itself is a massive factor. And that domain reputation is affected by a lot of different variables, but especially people reporting you as spam. The mailbox IP reputation, this is the email service provider like we talked about earlier. What server are those emails sending from? That has a reputation as well. And so does the mailbox. So maybe you have a domain with five mailboxes, but one of those mailboxes keeps getting reported as spam. It's going to affect the domain, sure, but it's going to affect that mailbox a lot more. Then there's also blacklists. We have domain blacklists and IP address blacklists. And this is actually separate from reputation. The blacklists obviously play a part in reputation, but the way that you end up on a blacklist is actually a little bit different. and we're going to be talking about that. Other major factors for deliverability is copy. All these email service providers are screening all of the emails that are coming in and reading them. So there's certain words and phrases and code that it's looking for that affects whether or not that email makes it to the inbox. And as mentioned, the objects like links, images, videos all play an important role. And it's an important differentiator to know what links can you send, what sort of images are safe. And one of the reasons this is such a high value skill and nobody is really good at this is because it's complicated. There's a lot of factors at play. All of these different factors are reasons that an email might go to spam. So, it's up to you as the cold email expert to figure out what that reason is and how to solve it. And that's what we're going to be talking about here today. All right. Now, let's assume that so far you followed my recommendations when building out your cold email system. Now, if you followed my recommendations, there's some things that you don't have to worry about anymore. For example, whether your domain DNS records are set up correctly or not. You've got the DKIM, you've got the Demark, we've already taken care of that. We've set up your mailbox using a trustworthy provider, typically Google. Now, what are some of the things that are in your control? The main one by far is spam complaints. Nothing is going to kill your mailbox or your domain faster than getting reported as spam. It massively damages your reputation, and it can be really hard to come back from that. Now, if you're sending cold emails, in a lot of cases, even if you're sending warm emails to your opt-in list, you're going to get spam reports. This is why good warm-up is so important. So, think about warm-up as your way to counteract the number of times you're reported as spam. Say you send 100 emails, cold emails, and one of every 100 reports you have spam. That's a 1% spam rate. That's actually not good. Now, let's say you add warm-up, and now you're sending 200 emails, and 100 are cold and 100 are warm-up emails. and that same one person reports you have spam, now you have a 0.05% spam rate, which is half. This is going to be much better for your reputation. So, warm-up counteracts spam. But remember, it has to be good warm-up, and more is not always better. The email service providers aren't dumb, and they've got a lot of technology in place to detect whether you're using automated warm-up solutions. That's why highquality warm-up is so important, and a good warm-up pool is important. that mailbox that's in the warm-up pool is super important because if it's low reputation mailboxes that are in the warm-up pools, it can actually do more damage than good. The next thing you can control is your cold email copy. You want to use lots of spin tax. I'm going to show you what that is in the copywriting phase, but essentially spin tax make sure that you're not sending the same exact copy and phrases over and over again because those can get picked up by the email service providers and cause deliverability issues. Lastly, the domain age. Don't jump the gun. Wait for those domains to reach at least 30 days before you start sending cold emails. I actually like to wait up to 60 days in some cases. So if you buy a bunch of domains now, even if you don't plan on sending cold emails, you can sit on them. You can create the mailboxes and you can start warming them and start building reputation with good high quality warm-up. All right, so let's break down email warm-up. What is it? Well, email warm-up is essentially you sign your mailbox up to a pool of other mailboxes and those mailboxes exchange emails with one another. And during that email exchange, those mailboxes are taking emails out of spam. They're marking them as important. They're reading them. They're replying to parts of them. All to make it seem like a human is doing it. And the mailbox is sending good emails. And there's a lot of important factors to determine the quality of that email warm-up. For example, what is the copy that's being sent in the email warm-up? If it's similar to your copy, that's great because it's not just warming up your domain and your mailbox. It's actually training the ESPs that this is what your domain and mailbox talks about in the cold emails and that those are valuable emails because they're being marked as important versus a lowquality warm-up pool is just going to send generic copy in the warm-up and then you start sending cold emails and you're trying to sell, you know, web design services. And the ESPs aren't stupid. They're like, "Okay, those are the warm-ups. This is the real thing. That's the spam." So, let's actually open up a really highquality warm-up tool. This is actually not one that I recommend for cold email. So, this is a warm-up tool called warmmy.io. I actually only use this for our primary domain. That's a little bit too expensive to use for cold email and instantly does a good enough job for cold email domains. But your primary domain is also your sacred domain. And that's why it's plugged up here in warm. And this is why I wanted to show you kind of how it works. Every day it's sending about a,000 emails from this domain. And if some of them go to spam, as they do here, warm me warm-up pool actually removes them from spam and marks them as important. So, one of the reasons I wanted to show you this tool is what makes it such a high quality warm-up. I'm kind of giving an overkill here. You should use this for your primary domain. I've got additional videos walking you through the setup of this tool. You don't need to use this for your cold email setup, but I'm walking you through warm-up just to make you an expert. The warm-up topic, you can actually select what your emails are about. That way, the warm-up topic is the same as the topic that you're actually sending cold emails about. The other thing I wanted to show you is warm-up preferences. So, it actually lets you control what types of mailboxes that you're sending emails to. So, us at Otter Public Relations, we're primarily sending, in fact, I'm going to change this now and walk you through my thought process. We were struggling to reach Outlook for a little while. That's why it was focusing almost entirely on Outlook, about 50%, but you can choose which email providers you want to warm up cuz each of these ESPs has their own rules and reputation for your mailbox, for your domain. That way, if you want to improve your reputation specifically with Microsoft 365, you can just focus all your firepower on that specific mailbox. And I want to show you this result just to say that, you know, we're human, too. Now, this isn't a cold emailbox. This is actually plugged into our CRM uh from GoHigh Lee, our our main CRM. That's why we're we're warming it like this at these volumes. But coming down to these results, it's really important to know where you're inboxing. So, this test was done on June 18th. And I want to show you what a reall life inbox test looks like. I'm going to go ahead and run the test now just so you can see a new one. And what it's actually going to do, I'm going to select all. Got a template already selected. This is the copy that it's going to use. Right now, it's actually sending emails to probably close to a 100 different email addresses that they control to see what the actual destination of our email is. It's one thing to give you a health score or to look up here and say, "Oh, you know what? All of these went into the inbox. These are warm-up pool emails. It's not showing you what's really happening in real life. This is actually a much better tell. It's emailing these recipient inboxes and seeing what actually happens. And as you can see, it's reading the results in real time. Now, I'm going to show you a free way to do this because it's a really important practice. And you should do this for your primary mailbox, too. I'll actually do one from my primary mailbox, jleadenj.com. And this isn't good. See, I'm already seeing G Suite at 0%. that likely went to the promotions tab for the email topic that we used. Which actually brings me to a good point. What is this promotions tab? Is this important? Obviously, landing in spam isn't great, but what if you're landing in promotions instead of spam? In a lot of these cases, you may as well be in spam if you're in promotions. Typically, when you're ending up in the promotions tab, let's just open up a Gmail account quickly so I can show you what that looks like. So, in most email providers, especially Google, uh you're going to see all these categories here on the left. Social, updates, forums, promotions. This is that promotions tab and you really want to do whatever you can to stay out of it and actually see some of my notifications going into the promotions tab. So, what do you typically do about ending up in promotions? Well, it's actually usually a copy issue. So, it's probably f flagging some sort of word or phrase that puts you into that promotions tab. So, what you want to do is adjust your copy and test your copy and then do these placement tests until you get out of that promotions tab. So, when we're writing copy, especially for our CRM and our sequences, we do these deliverability tests on the copy to make sure that it's inboxing and not in the promotions tab. So, on this deliverability test, it looks like we're inboxing almost 100% except Yahoo, which I don't really care about too much. Most of my clients, especially the good ones, are not using Yahoo mailboxes. But, I'm a little concerned about the promotions tab here. But, this is likely due to the email content that we sent, which is just in this in this template. So, I'm not too concerned there. Now, if you guys do want to use Wormy for your primary domain or you want to go in there and play around, I do have a 50% off discount, I believe, to Wormy. Again, this video is not sponsored. I actually love this tool. Yes, you can get 50% off. And if you want access to this list, just head to leadenj.com/tools and it's all going to be linked down below. All right, so back to email warm-up. Do you really need to use warm for your cold email mailboxes? The answer is no. Instantly AI offers free unlimited warming. So, let's go ahead and open up instantly and show you what that looks like. Remember, you're going to come to your email accounts and you're going to see a health score. You're going to make sure this little fire emoji is on. This means that warm-up is on. Now, if I was to have all of these mailboxes inside of warmmy.io, granted, they do give bulk discounts, but having it all in one place really just makes cold email so so much easier. And their warm-up is good, and I've never had any issues with it. We're not doing high volume warm-up, and all of these mailboxes are relatively disposable. So, let's talk a little bit about the warm-up settings. So, I'm going to open one of these up. Come into settings, scroll all the way down, and now we're going to see how I configure the warm-up. And I kind of talked a little bit about this earlier, but it's important to understand what's going on. You can ignore this warm-up filter tag that's used if you want to create email filters and get them out of your inbox. That instantly does that automatically for you in the unib so you don't have to worry about it. This is mostly important for email forwarding, which we already said we're not going to do. So, what you're going to do is you're in going to increase by 1 to two per day until you reach the same number of warm-up emails as your daily campaign limit. So, if each of these are set to 10, you want to warm up to 10. You're going to set your reply rate anywhere from 30 to 100. I've experimented all around that range. It all works. In the advanced settings, I like to activate all of these weekends only, red emulation, warm custom tracking domain. All these features are meant to emulate human behavior, which is really important when it comes to warm-up. Now, you might notice a difference here from what I showed you in Wormy with the ability to control the copy of that warm-up and the targeting of that warm-up, what ESPs that it's focused on, and then what the subject of those emails are. And yes, that's a little bit of a sacrifice. And honestly, yeah, there's no way around it. I'm not sure the content that instantly really sends or how they determine that, but it is up to them to make sure that their warm-up works. And I'm telling you that it does because I use it myself. And the reason this all makes cold email so easy is because of inbox placement. So, not only is it warming up my mailboxes for me automatically, but every day it's doing one of these live tests for me on every single mailbox. And you can see from this, we're getting almost 100% deliverability. We got a little bit of a drop here with Microsoft. And the other important thing that you can see here is this actually went up almost 20% recently. So, what can happen, especially with reputation damage and blacklists, is they're temporary, and you can work your way off of them. There's a protocol to fix it, and we're going to talk a little bit about that protocol, and it doesn't change much depending on what the issue is. Okay, so last note here, leave warm-up always on. Remember, this is your defense against spam reports. If you're getting high spam reports, you need those warm-up emails to lower your overall spam rate. This kind of reiterates what we just talked about. Instantly is the best for free unlimited warm-up. It works great. As you can see, our deliverability is excellent. But if you're focused on warm-up for a single sacred domain, I do recommend Wormy. Bad warm-up can kill your mailboxes. So, if you try and choose a budget friendly option for unlimited email warm-up or even to warm up your primary domain, it can actually hurt your mailboxes. If these ESPs find out that you're using automated warm-up, it can really hurt your mailboxes. or if the warm-up pool has low reputation mailboxes and domains, it can actually do a lot of damage. All right, let's briefly talk about all of the things that could go wrong to prevent your email from landing in the inbox and instead landing in spam. There's a lot of factors affecting deliverability and we're going to go top to bottom from the most common simple issues that's probably affecting your deliverability to some of the the more uncommon strange things to expect. What are some of these issues? Well, the first thing you're going to want to do is check your domain configuration. You're going to use a tool like MX Toolbox or Easydmark to do a domain scan and look at your DNS records. This is one of the most common issues that is easy to fix. If your emails are going to spam, you're going to make sure that your demark is valid, your DKIM is there, your SPF record is there, and if you don't have them, you can use a tool like easy demark to generate them really quickly and get those fixed. If you do notice that this is a problem, turn off all your cold email campaigns. you're just going to make the problem worse. Now, if this is the issue, great. That's an easy fix. Go and address that right away so that we can start sending cold emails again and move on. If this looks good, the next thing you're going to want to do is a blacklist check. So, one of the things that email service providers look at when an email is coming in is, is that IP address or domain on a blacklist? Now, if you followed my instructions and you're using Google as your ESP to generate mailboxes, you're using Google IPs, you don't really have to worry so much about IP blacklists, but I do want you to worry about domain block blacklists. So, you're going to check your domain blacklist. And you can do this on any deliverability tool like MX Toolbox, Easydmark, the links are going to be in the resources. Check if you're on any domain blacklists. If you are, they typically only last for about 30 days. You should stop all cold email campaigns right away and just warm up those mailboxes for 30 days. And you should come off of that blacklist and just make sure that you don't restart the cold email campaigns until it's off. And by the way, if this happens to your primary domain, reach out to our team. We might be able to get you off of a blacklist faster. But usually, we're talking about cold email here and all you have to do is turn it off and wait. I should also mention the way that you end up on these blacklists is is probably not what you think. I used to think that you ended up on a blacklist because you got flagged as spam too many times. Well, the reality is getting marked as spam decreases your reputation quite a bit and can end you on a blacklist. But all of these blacklists are actually companies. And there's a lot of these different companies that you'll see if you do a blacklist check. And these are companies and they actually put like landmines out there into the email space. These landmines aren't actual humans. They're actually spam traps. They're mailboxes that were designed to catch bad cold emailers and add them to these blacklists. So, if you do end up on one of these, you should have a good look at your data source and where you're getting that information from. But, like I said, this typically lasts 30 days and IP address blacklist you probably don't need to worry about as much. If you're not on any blacklists and your DNS records are sound and you're using Google, so you're using good IP addresses, then it probably is going to come down to a couple of things that are not as much in your control and not as clear. These things are domain age. Domain age, how long has it been since you bought and started using that domain? It's a really important factor, especially for Microsoft. And the only way to get around that is to use older domains or wait a little bit longer before sending cold emails. But no one is going to tell you that your email got rejected because your domain wasn't old enough. That's information that is only available on like their backends and it's nothing that we can test and there's no tool that's going to tell us this is the problem. Unfortunately, the other likely culprit is going to be the copy, what you're actually sending in that cold email. And this we do have tools that are going to help assess whether the copy is an issue. Some common issues with copy that people make are they're using too much code. So, if you're doing open tracking, if you're including links, if you're including links that have low reputation themselves, so maybe you're using a brand new website that you just built and you're sending people a link to that website. That website doesn't have any reputation. So, the ESPs are going to see that and are going to be more likely to reject it. There's also a long list of words and phrases that we do not like to use in cold email. Now, you're learning here about a lot of tools that you can use to check that copy to make sure that it doesn't have any of those words and phrases, but you need to make sure of that before you send your cold emails because if it does, that's probably why you're landing in spam. One other trick to get through with copy is shorter copy tends to to get through a little bit better. Remember, you don't want to use unsubscribe links. You don't want to use opt- out language. That's going to negatively affect your deliverability. And really, the only way to tell if it's copy is to do a real life deliverability test. Don't just trust instantly. You need to go into a tool like Glock Apps and see how that actually delivers and then change the copy and try it again. If it works, you can pretty much be be certain that it was the copy that caused it. The last and final piece that I've mentioned a few times is the reputation. Google, Microsoft, they all attribute a reputation to your mailboxes, to your domains, and based on that reputation, they decide what to do with incoming mail. So the only thing that you can do to increase that reputation is good warm up. So attach all of those mailboxes in instantly and warm them up. And if this is your primary domain, you should be doing the highest quality warm-up possible. And that's through a tool like wormy.io. Now there are some tools to monitor reputation. Specifically in Google Postmaster, you can monitor domain reputation pretty accurately, but most people likely don't connect all of their cold email domains to a tool like Postmaster. So, you're just going to have to trust based on these deliverability tests, okay? It's not my copy, it's not my domain age, it's probably my reputation. So, if deliverability drops, the only thing that you can do is increase your domain and mailbox reputation by slowing down the number of cold emails you're sending and ramping up the number of warm-up emails that you're sending. Now, the reality is if you send bad cold emails, you're not good at this. you're emailing people that aren't a good fit for your offer, that are going to be likely to report you as spam because that's what people do when they get an irrelevant email, then you're going to have a hard time managing your email reputation. So, the better you get at cold email, the better you get at hyperargeting the right person to send emails to and using copy that's not going to go to spam and using copy that's not going to get reported as spam and decrease your reputation. The other thing that affects your reputation in addition to getting reported as spam are bounces. So, let's talk about bounces for a second. If an email bounces back, it's going to negatively affect your reputation. And there it can bounce back for a few reasons. It's a ball, it goes, it hits a wall, comes back. And there's a couple things that can cause this. And it's not just having an invalid email. It's a common misconception. You can clean your list in million verifier, get a whole list of good emails, send the emails to those good good email addresses that you got and they could still end up bouncing. Why does that happen? Well, it just means that that email is being rejected by the email service provider. It's not even sending it to spam. It's just bouncing it back. Now, a couple innocent reasons that aren't going to affect your reputation. Maybe that person's mailbox is full. If that happens, the reason behind the bounce takes into account because remember this person, say they're using Google as their ESP. Google's the one who applies that reputation. So if they bounce that email back because the mailbox is full, you're fine. But if they bounce that email back because you used copy that they've associated with a spammer or because you're on certain blacklists, those bounces do have an effect. So important to remember here, email bounces, it's not just because the email's invalid. There's other reasons that could cause an email to bounce. However, one of the most common reasons for an email bouncing back is email validity. So, you might clean a list 3 months ago and have all the good emails, put them into Instantly AI, and then 2 and 1/2 months go by and 20 of those people have now changed jobs. So, those emails that were valid are no longer bad and you have no way of knowing that. All of those emails are going to bounce back and they're going to penalize you and they're going to decrease your reputation. That's why I don't typically recommend pulling these huge batches of email lists or buying email lists that maybe were once valid but maybe aren't now and putting them into your instantly AI and then just letting it run. You want to have recent up-to-date valid emails. And if you the bigger you open that time frame, 3 months to 6 months, the more of a chance you're going to have at those emails that were once good no longer being good. That's also the reason that you really want to avoid sending emails to catch alls, riskies, and unknowns unless you use a tool to verify those catch-alls, riskies, and unknowns and make sure that they're good. So, those are all of the things that could go wrong and cause an email to go to spam. You're really going to have to do these live deliverability tests to try and diagnose and fix it. And the more that you do them, the more that you're going to understand, okay, this is where I went wrong. This is how I need to correct it. And the solution to all of these things is essentially the same. It's increase the warming, decrease the number of cold emails that you're doing, make sure that the configuration is right, making sure the copy is right, and waiting. And typically within 4 to 8 weeks, the domain will be recovered, the mailboxes will be recovered, and you can start sending cold emails again. And another funny meme, I love these Anakin Skywalker ones. I'm using cold email. You're sure you're not going to spam, right? You're sure you're not going to spam, right? So many people make this mistake. They launch their campaigns and they're not getting any replies and they think something's broken. They don't know what to do about it and they just get paralysis. Now, if you don't know how to identify the problem in your cold email machine, then it's going to be really hard to fix it and make it work. And it all starts with deliverability. The first thing that you should do if something's not working is do a deliverability test and see what happens. So, how do you know if your emails are going to spam? After all, we we don't track open rates. We always leave that button unchecked because we don't want to add any code that's going to affect deliverability. So, if we don't know the open rates, then how do we know if an email is going to spam? It used to be easy back when we could track open rates. We would just say, oh, you know, that one's below 40%. Chances are it's in spam. Let's go investigate. Now, we actually use reply rate as a proxy for that. And we have tools like inbox placement that makes it so easy for us. So, I can't tell you how important it is to activate this inside of your instantly instance because this is the real tell of whether or not your emails are going to spam. A lot of people like to live here in the health scores cuz I can open up one of these mailboxes and I can see, oh, you know what? It's all green. None of these emails are going to spam. Zero save from spam. But these are just warm-up emails. They're not real life results. That's way to really know if a campaign is being affected and it's going to spam. You need to be in the inbox placement tests. This is the real life deliverability. This is what you can live and die on. Email health score usually not accurate. Gold standard inbox placement testing just to reiterate. And now you can fully automate the entire process. So it happens every day without you having to think about it. Now other important thing to note here is the automations that you can attach to these inbox placement tests. And this is why this instantly feature is so powerful. It's not just knowing, it's actually doing something about it. Because it's one thing to find out that an email that emails are going to spam. It's a whole other thing to stop it in its tracks before it gets worse and start the implementation for fixing it, which we're going to talk about in a second. But this essentially breaks it down. It monitors the inbox placement and then if it goes below 50%, which is pretty sure that emails are going to spam, then it pauses the sending, pauses the cold email sending and just warms up for 14 days. If they're added to any blacklist, it pauses the sending for 14 days. Honestly, this should be 30 days. I'm going to change it right now and give you new advice. Let's make these 30 days because that's how long it typically takes to get yourself off of a blacklist. And then when email placement goes back above 70%, it slow ramps those accounts back into the campaign. So, it doesn't go from 0 to 50 right away. It goes 0 to 2 to 4 to 6 to 8 in a much more humanlike behavior. I'm going to go ahead and update that. Now, this won't even matter for me because we're inboxing almost 100%. Now, if you're not using Instantly and you still want to set up deliverability testing and do inbox placement, then there's a couple of alternatives and honorable mentions that I want to throw in here. You can get email guard and connect your domains, connect your email accounts, and you can actually set up inbox placement right here inside of email guard. And they're pretty good placement tests. uh it's probably the cheapest alternative if you want to do a lot of placement tests. And here's what the results look like. They're just okay. It doesn't give us too much information here. The one that I really want to show you is the one that I use when I'm consulting people on email deliverability and that is Glock apps. Okay, so now we're inside of Glock apps and it actually gives you two free spam tests per month on their free plan. So you can actually log in and do this right now and it's the highest quality inbox placement test that I've seen yet. Now, Warm Me is pretty good. I can actually go into the results pretty in-depth. So, I can click into each of these and see specifically what's happening. I can see IP blacklists. But, let's go and do one real life in Glock apps and actually evaluate the results. So, I'm going to start a spam test. Let's do a manual test. Uh, I only want to send to North America. I don't really care about the other ones. We're going to go ahead and create. Now, you'll see that it gives me an ID and a giant list of mailboxes. So, this is the mailbox that I'm going to be sending to. So, let's go ahead and send this email. I'm going to do it from my primary mailbox. So, let's go ahead and initiate that new message here. We're going to copy all of these mailboxes for the two. And then I want this ID string. This is what it's going to read when it does the test. Subject line test cold email services ID string. Cool. And it's got my signature in there. there. So, we're going to go ahead and send to those mailboxes. Now, there's probably like a 15-second delay, so it's not going to show up right away, but let's go ahead and view the report. It's going to take a while to start populating. As you can see, 100% missing, and then it's going to start showing me some results. Now, this is really important, interpreting these test results because a lot of people will look at this and be like, you know, I still don't know what's wrong. Some of this stuff is more important than other stuff, and it's important to know what's what. Now, as this processes, I actually did this on purpose. So, I wanted to show you something. So, as you can see, 44% in spam, inbox, 51%. If it was all perfect, I wouldn't be really be able to teach you. So, I kind of kneecap myself on purpose. First thing is you want to look at the IP analytics. This is kind of bringing it all home, right? Cuz we were just talking about servers and IPs. Right now, I'm sending from Google. These are all Google IP addresses. If any of these are on a block list, that's Google's responsibility. And I'm actually not too concerned with any of these IPs being on a block list because chances are it's just going to be switched out and actually doesn't carry very much weight. If either of these things are incorrect, then you probably have an infrastructure problem. Let's talk about domain block lists. These are actually a lot more important. And if you're on a domain block list, especially some of the main ones, you're going to have issues. So, one of one really quick thing that you can do to check if you're on a domain block list, go to MX Toolbox. They've got a lot of really good tools for quickly checking email deliverability. So, let's go to blacklist and I'm going to type in my main domain lead genenj.com and it's going to blacklist check across all of the major email blacklists. Now, some of these are worse than others. So, even if you're on some of these block lists, it doesn't mean that you're going to end up in spam, but some of them like spamhos or serbble can actually really really hurt you. Sorbs is another big one. So, if you're on any of these block lists, it's probably the cause for you going to spam. There's a lot of other stuff that you can do here in MX Toolbox as well. But let's go back to the report. I'm not on any domain block lists. Awesome. This is going to check my DKIM and my demark record. We talked about that earlier. This is kind of what I did to myself and why the emails are going to spam. This is why these deliverability tests are so important because you really need to figure out why you're going to spam. What's going on? And if I was just looking at the deliverability test here, I really wouldn't know. I don't get any insights into, you know, why it didn't go through to Google. Whereas in this, I get a lot of insights. There's a lot of things that could be going wrong. So, what happened here? The reason that I went mostly to spam for Google is Google detected spam in the keywords. I said cold email service and that's all I said. So, Google actually marked that their ESP read the incoming email and marked it as spam and this told me that. So, that's one really important thing to look at, especially if you're testing copy. do it here. This is one of the best places to do it. And then Spam Assassin. So, what is this? Well, you'll actually get access to these results directly in instantly if you want. You can come into campaigns, launch one of your campaigns, open up one of the emails, and then you can click on preview. And now I can actually check the deliverability score. And this is mostly just using Spam Assassin. So, as you can see, the data that you see here with all these pluses and minuses, it's just checking that different elements of the email are correct. And this is really important data, but it does not tell you if the email is going to place in the inbox or not. It's just one factor of many of these factors. Now, obviously, you want a good spam assassin score. And if you've got an issue here, it's probably either technical infrastructure or you're doing something in the content of your email that they don't like. So, now let's actually open up these deliverability placements and see what happens. Now, what you notice here is just Google went all to spam. Everything else was 100%. And the reason for that is Google said the copy was spam. It read the copy. Everything else was perfect. No blacklists other than that IP blacklist, which I'm not really concerned about. And if I come in here, I'll see Google, same thing. Spam and Outlook, some of this spam as well. Now, what does that mean? How can I interpret that? Well, it's likely the same thing as Google. Now, we don't have spam filter data on Microsoft here, but it's very likely that it was the copy that sent those emails to spam. So, if you're in spam and you really want to figure out why and what happened, this is how you figure out why. You do a real life deliverability test and you can figure out is it your copy and content? Are you on some sort of blacklist? Do you have a really low reputation somewhere? All these are really important factors. Now, Glock apps does give you some action steps as well. Uh, it's, you know, AI generated, so it's not that helpful. The truth is once you know the cause of it, the solutions are typically pretty easy. Here we can see the cause is the content of that email. So what do we do? We change the content of the email and the problem resolves itself. Now say this wasn't spam and everything else looked pretty good. You're on a couple IP block lists uh and you're on a couple domain block lists. What do you do? How would you fix a situation like that? So just kind of catching up and reiterating here. Interpreting the inbox placement tests. Domain blacklists are bad. Some are worse than others. Now, if you're on a domain block list that you haven't heard about yet or that I didn't mention, go ahead and put in an AI and check how bad it is. But chances are, if you're on a domain block list and you're ending up in spam, that's probably the cause. IP blacklists are usually normal, especially if you're using something like Google or Microsoft. They have so many IP addresses and they're in charge of making sure that your IPs are clean. So, if you're using one of those services, I wouldn't be too concerned about it unless you're on a ton of them. However, if you're using one of the SMTP services like an inframail and you're on an IP blacklist, that could spell doomsday for you. It's also really important to dig in to where you're delivering to. So, we were just in this tool and I came into US business. Say I'm saying sending B2B cold emails and I'm inboxing 100% to Google and to Microsoft. But let's say you're inboxing 0% to Zoho and Proton Mail and you get your inbox placement test results and you maybe you didn't dig in here yet and you see 20% spam. Is that really bad? Is that a huge issue? Not really. That's maybe 5% of the people you're going to be emailing. So, I wouldn't change anything. I wouldn't be too concerned with that. However, if you're inboxing 100% everywhere else, but 0% on Google like this, this is that's a huge issue. So even if you're seeing 80% inbox placement and 20% spam, if that 20% is Google Workspace, you're in big trouble and you need to go and fix that. So that's why it's really important to dig into these reports cuz the nuance matters a lot. And if a test is normal, you're not on any blacklists. It's probably your copy. Okay, so how do you fix it? Your emails are going to spam. Maybe you're on a block list and you need to get off that blacklist and get your emails going to the inbox again. No matter what the cause is, as long as it's not your copy, the treatment for this problem is the same. You're going to remove the mailboxes from the cold email campaigns for 2 to 4 weeks, usually 4 weeks, because that's how long it can take to get off of a block list. By the way, you're going to do this with every mailbox that's set up on the domain that's ending up in spam. Remove that whole domain from your cold email campaigns, and you're going to warm all of those mailboxes up exclusively. No cold emails, just warming. I would then tag them so you can quickly find them in your warm-up pool. Go ahead and select them, add a tag. You can say warming and your start date so that you can come in and quickly check the health score and how those deliverability tests are performing. And if it's still bad, you keep waiting. And if it's been 60 days and you've tried changing the copy, you're still on the block list. It might just be worth leaving them there to to try and heal, but replacing them. Now, we talked about how Instantly fully automates this with their inbox placement tool. It is absolute gold. All right. Now, because of how important this inbox placement setup is, I'm going to walk through it step by step. I'm going to come into an Instantly AI account. I'm going to do this in my personal workspace. We're going to set up an inbox placement test from scratch. If this isn't activated and you don't see it like this, there should be an option to activate it. I think it's $97 per month. Worth every penny if you're doing cold email at scale. I'm going to go ahead and click add new. I'm going to do cold email masterclass test automation. Continue. We're going to do automated. I'm going to do North America and Europe because I do reach out to clients all over the place. We're going to check across all of these filters, the Google, the Microsoft spam filter. By the actually didn't know that that Wormy does not check against the Microsoft spam filter and instantly does. Just one more reason that instantly is the best. Accounts to use. I'm just going to say Google. That's going to pull in most of my accounts. Campaign to use. This is going to test the actual copy of my campaign. So, what good is it if I'm doing a placement test and it's not using the actual copy that I'm concerned about? So, I love that I can actually choose the campaign. It makes the copy part of the test much easier. I can choose the variant. So, I've got all of these different variants. I'll go ahead and just pick the default one. Hit view copy just to see what it's going to look like. That looks cool. I got to update my YouTube subscribers on my signature. We're higher now. Let's see if we can get me to 100K. Deliverability optimization. I'm going to go ahead and check that. I'm going to go ahead and test kind of every day run immediately and follow the schedule. So, this is going to do one right away. Delivery mode one by one and then I can set up the automations here. So, I'm going to go ahead and and do these with you. So, if inbox placement goes below, let's say 70%. Say you really care about deliverability, you can set this as high as 70. If you want to keep sending cold emails, even if half of them are going to spam, you know, you can do 50. I would honestly keep it up around 80 because if it's below 80, something's wrong and you should go look at it. Then you want to pause sending campaign emails for 30 days with that mailbox. I'm going to add or remove tags. So if inbox placement goes below, let's say 80. I just want to take more actions here. Add tags to add. Let's say spam warm up. And I don't have that tag. So let's go ahead and add it. I'm going to come into my settings and add this that specific tag that I want to use. Custom tags. create new spam warm-up emails. Going to spam mailbox warming up just so I can quickly find the mailboxes that are having problems. And I'm going to create a new one, too. Spam recovered. And that'll be the tag if it's performing well again. So, if it goes below 80%. Let's see if I can now add the tags. I may have to refresh. Now if inbox placement goes above 80%. Then we are going to enable slow ramp for campaign. This is going to slowly start sending cold emails again. Now we also want to monitor blacklists. Now I can either enable these or not. And I mentioned earlier that some blacklists don't affect deliverability. So I'm actually not going to create automations with these. And I'm just going to leave it up to my deliverability automations here. I'm going to go ahead and launch this test and it's going going to start running here. Now, the test is live and it's going to work automated every single day with the emails that are tagged with Google. I just want to add some quick notes and honorable mentions here. If you're having deliverability issues with your primary domain or primary mailbox, I would definitely think about connecting it to something like wmy.io. Now, if you want to keep your inbox clean and you don't want to get the warm-up emails continuously bombarding you, then there's a couple solutions for that. You can either filter them out. So, this is a a primary mailbox. This is actually one of our Google mailboxes and it's unmonitored. There's nobody actually using it. When I come in here, it teaches me how to filter out warm-up emails. Now, the problem with this is the ESPs aren't stupid. If it sees you filtering and archiving all of your warm-up emails, then they don't really count. So, what I would recommend that you do is set up an unmonitored mailbox that nobody's actually using under this same domain and use it only as a warm-up tool for that domain. Another hack that most people don't know about is that you can warm your CRM mailbox, even if you're using something like GoHigh Leo. Let's go ahead and open up my GHL and kind of show you how to do that. Here's my GHL. I'm going to come into email services. And by the way, guys, if you are not on GHL, you need to be go to leadgenj.com/gh. So now this is my email services and I'm using their lead connector as most people usually are. I'm going to come into dedicated domain and IP. Now you'll notice that I actually purchased my own dedicated IP address inside of GHL. Now I'm in charge of that IP address reputation. This is a good thing as long as I'm not sending cold emails, as long as people are not reporting me as spam. Now, this is where it gets expert status and you can actually sell this service probably for a lot of money. So, this is my primary domain inside of GHL. As you can see, they've got their own warm-up that they just launched, but I want to do my own cuz I don't know if I trust theirs yet. So, I'm going to click these three dots and go to SMTP settings. SMTP is a way to send emails kind of remotely like through an API call through your mailbox. So what you're going to do is set up an SMTP credential and this is what you're going to use to link to Wormy. So create a new SMTP user. If it's not working for you, you may have to contact their support and they enable it. But you're just going to enter a unique name. I would use the same name that you're normally sending from from your CRM. I usually use Jmail. junj.com. So you could set up mail and then set an SMTP password. Then you're also going to note your SMTP server here and then the ports. So once it's set up and you have your username, you have your host and you have your port, you can go ahead and come into warmmy. Actually won't let me connect another one. So let's kind of do it in instantly. So SMTP, just so you know, can is the sending protocol for an email. It's not the receiving. So this can only send emails. It can't receive emails. That's IMAP. So, if I was to install this in Mori, which I can't unless I pay for another mailbox, you'll want to set this up as a custom SMTP user. So, let's go ahead and like add a new mailbox here. Let's see if it lets me do it in instantly. I'm going to any provider, IMAP, SMTP, any provider, single account. I'm not sure it'll let me because I don't have IMAP enabled and instantly probably wants IMAP. You know what? If you're interested in learning how to do the GHL email setup, I actually have a video on YouTube, Fix Your Go High Level Email Deliverability. It walks you through step by step how to connect your GHL SMTP user to warm me. And the last thing that I want to show you for deliverability is something else that we can see here in GHL and that is postmaster. So Google has a postmaster, Microsoft has an equivalent and this is really how Google and Microsoft track what happens with their emails. I can come in to this specific domain that's connected in Postmaster and I can see the domain reputation, how many people are reporting me as spam. All of that is coming directly from Google. So, one of the things that a lot of people aren't sure about because it can be tough to know if somebody's reporting you as spam. Instantly doesn't tell you. Almost nobody tells you. What does tell you is Google Postmaster. So, you should absolutely do this with all of your primary domains and subdomains. So, mail.lejenj.com leadenj.com is the subdomain I'm using on GHL. Legenj.com is my primary domain. So, it's really important for me to know if people are reporting me as spam. Now, this will only tell me about Google users, not Microsoft users, but most people are on Google, so it's a pretty good rate. I can bring this out to the last 90 days and see what's going on inside of my Google account. This is really bad. Something happened on May 25th and 1.5% of people reported me as spam. It was likely an email blast that went out or an automation that triggered. And this is really the only place to get this data. What is Google seeing? What is the data that they have that they're using to decide if my mailbox and my domain have a high enough reputation? And mostly when did the occasion occur? And it monitors entire domains, not just mailboxes. So you can theoretically do this with all of your cold email domains and put them all inside of Postmaster. It tells you a lot of other stuff, too, like IP reputation, which Google kind of manages, so I'm not sure kind of what they do here. It's usually high. Domain reputation, what's going on with my domain? How does Google read that domain? Delivery errors, authentication. I'm not going to go through each one, but it is important to add your domains here. Now, you don't have to do this with all of your cold email domains. God knows I don't, but it's definitely a good practice, especially for any primary domains that are actually important to you. And if you know how to add DNS records, and now you do, you'll be able to add your domains really quickly. So, let's say I wanted to do cloud.legenj.com, it's just going to give me uh a DNS record to verify, I guess. Be sorry, because the primary is verified. That one verified right away. But let's say I wanted to add otterpr.com to this Postmaster account. We have our own fortr obviously, but this is what it's going to tell you to do. Add this txt record. And if you're having trouble, add a CNAME record. and then it's going to verify that you own the domain and start giving you the data here. Definitely a good practice that I highly highly recommend. Now, just to recap, if emails are going to spam, the first thing you want to do is check the technical setup of that domain and mailbox. And best way to do that, you can go to easydedmark.com, do a quick domain scan, you can go to MX Toolbox if you prefer. So, come into demark, do a quick domain scan, just see if your records are set up correctly, even if it says risk assessment medium. It always does that if it doesn't like the way your demark is configured. So what it wants is P equals reject. This is just fine. Everything else is valid. Cool. Your technical infrastructure is good. Now you can move on to a real life deliverability test using Glock apps. And I already taught you how to read these deliverability tests. Make sure that you're using the actual email copy that's going to spam. And that way it's going to tell you whether it's triggering any of those spam filters. You can also quickly check your reputation. You can check for blacklists. So, I can come to lead genenj.com inside of easyd demark or mx toolbox, see if I'm on any blacklists. I'll check if my domain's listed anywhere. And if everything comes up clean on blacklists and technical setup, then make sure to do one of these deliverability tests to see if it's your copy that's triggering it. Now, when we get to the copywriting phase, I'm going to show you how to spam check your content to make sure that you're not triggering any of these spam detectors here. All right, guys. I know that was a lot. Thank you for sticking with me through deliverability. Now, if you're watching that and you're like, you know, hell yeah, I love this stuff. Launch a deliverability agency or consultancy. There's a ton of people looking for help that they're stuck in spam. They want to fix their email deliverability and there is nobody that's good at this stuff that's able to solve their problems. So, if you're still thinking of an offer idea, use that. If you really want to go allin on this, let me know. Join my coaching program. inside of that coaching program. We've got deliverability coaches, we've got tools, and we'll show you how to launch an agency just like that. All right. If your lead generation's not working and you've already checked your technical setup and emails or inboxing, and you're pretty sure that your offer and your copy are solid, then it's always because of this one overlooked problem. And the worst part is that this skill is the one that everybody thinks they have dialed in. So, even though this sounds easy, it's actually the most complex part of a cold email buildout. Believe me, I know I'm talking about your lead list. In this video, you'll actually become a list building ninja by learning who is the right person to reach out to, how to find their correct contact information, and then how to reach them at the perfect time. All right, this is building your lead list. Let's dig in. First, it's really important to remember these facts because everything relates to this. Your cold email leads do not know you. They definitely don't trust you. They're not looking for your solution. So even if I'm a good fit for your software solution that helps with lead genen, I'm probably using a competitor. I don't have your pain point right now. So what you're really doing is taking targeted guesses that that person has that painoint. And usually you're wrong and that's okay. So you are guessing that they need your solution at that time. And they might not be in pain now. Maybe I don't need your lead genen solution right this second, but I might need it in a month. I might need it in 6 months. or I might not be happy with my current solution and maybe I never thought of changing but now you give given me a reason to all these are important factors when you're building a lead list and trying to figure out okay who do I present this offer in front of all right so the golden question here is who should you be reaching out to and this is actually pretty easy if you have an existing business you're already doing sales you have a customer profile you already know who's interested because they've taken out their credit card and proven that they're willing to pay for something so what you should do is grab your customer list, export it from your CRM, make sure that it's enriched and segmented and you have their company and their industry and their job title, all of those variables that I have here. Honestly, whatever information you have on them works and helps. You could then plug that into AI to come up with your solution. And I'm going to show you how to do that in just a second. Now, if you don't have a business, you don't have sales, or you don't have data that you can really use to build a customer profile with, and if you're building it for the first time, then what you should do is write a detailed description of your offer. You need to be really clear on who you help, how you help them, and the specific mechanism that you use to do it. Write that all out. I'm can't help you with that because I don't know what you do and who you sell to, but all that stuff needs to be in there so that you can plug this next prompt into chat GPT and help you start building your list. Now, once the AI gives you the output, you're going to launch a campaign targeting all of the recommendations. There should be multiple. There's usually not a specific segment that's the best fit for your offer. In fact, if you don't have really detailed data about your past sales, about your clientele, then you shouldn't just pick a single segment. Instead, you should test five to 10 when you first launch. So, as I mentioned earlier, cold email is one of the best tools on earth for testing. So, if you don't know who your target audience is, this is a great way to find out really quickly, but it all starts with these targeted guesses. Now, you might not see it here. It's kind of small on this picture, but this is the prompt that you're going to use. And you're just going to go into chat GPT, or you can use Claude or Grock or whatever you prefer, and you're going to type in that prompt, and you're going to input information about your offer. So, I am a PR agency, and I target ecommerce brands. Obviously, that's not very detailed, but that prompt is going to start by giving you a result. It's going to ask clarifying questions so that it can learn more about your offer, and then it's going to give you specific recommendations for who to target. And this prompt, as well as all of the other ones, are going to be in the resources that you can get simply by joining my free school community. All right. Now, this is really important to know so that you actually get replies. You might be targeting the right industries, the right companies, but not the right people at those companies. or you might not be targeting the correct size of company. There's all these variables that affect whether or not that person is going to open and reply to your email or if they're even going to be a good fit. So, who responds to cold emails? Well, there's a couple general rules that you need to think about and follow. In general, people who get less marketing emails tend to respond more. We call these blue oceans. So, who gets a lot of cold emails? This is probably a better way to think about it. Who do you think gets a lot of cold emails? marketing agency owners, doctors, basically anyone that you can think of that people assume has a lot of money and resources. They are easy targets. And if they're easy to find, they probably get more marketing emails. So, how do you know if somebody is easy to find? If you go on to Apollo, which is kind of the primary B2B database that we're going to be using here. By the way, if you want a massive discount on Apollo, make sure that you check out my software vault. So, if I can come into Apollo and quickly identify who my perfect avatar is and find them and get their email address, then they're easy to find and they're probably getting a lot of marketing emails, especially if they're in an easy target category, like marketing agency owners or law firms or doctors. They're all really easy targets that get a lot of cold emails. Doesn't mean you can't reach them. And it's still better to email people who have money but get a lot of cold emails than emailing someone that can't afford your services. So, who else responds to cold emails? Decision makers actually respond a lot more than people down the totem pole. And this is a really common mistake that people mess up. They think, "Okay, I want to sell to big companies. So, if I just email their HR director or if I just email a technical developer at that company, then they're going to reply to my email and then I'm going to be able to sell them that thing." Wrong. That's actually the wrong way to think about it. If you go down the totem pole, those people are more resistant to change. They don't want to push something up the totem pole and go to the people who can actually make buying decisions. You need to email the person in charge of making those decisions that wants the change because they want improvement. They want a new solution. The HR director at a big company doesn't want your HR software because they already have a software that they're used to using. You're just creating more work for that person. So, in general, go for seuite. Who else responds to cold emails? Younger businesses. So, people who haven't been in business for very long. They don't have established solutions. They don't have vendors and softwares that they are loyal to, have been working with for a long time. Because once companies do, they're less likely to change. And the longer someone's been in business, the chances are that they've found solutions that work for them and they've been widely adopted across their company. So you can see when a business has been founded and use that as a variable to actually get way more replies to your cold emails. And same principle here, new enrolls. So maybe you have a marketing solution and you want to reach out to CMOs to try and push that through and implement your new solution or software to the company. Well, a CMO that's been there for 10 years, again, they've probably got their vendors, they've got their software stack, and they are rigid. They are not changing. However, if someone was newly hired as a CMO at a company, they were brought in to drive change. And that person is way more likely to implement a new solution or software or platform and solve the problems with your solutions. And these are all variables that we can use when we're building lead lists, when we're filtering. And without signing up for Apollo, if you want to just go and check like what filters are available to you, head to LinkedIn and go to sales navigator. And by the way guys, if you don't already have SalesNavigator, that is something that I offer as well at a massive discount. If you go to lead genenj.com offers LinkedIn SalesNav, you can actually save 75% through our enterprise plans. So just something to note there. But let's go back into sales navigator and now we're going to see what filters are available to us. So what we're going to do is we're going to click lead filters and then this is going to open all of the different filters that we can actually access. Now granted, this is LinkedIn. This is not Apollo. We can't just scrape emails from here. But what you're going to notice is a lot of these are reflected here cuz this is essentially where most of this data comes from. It's LinkedIn. So if you want to play around in here and see if people are in fact a good fit, this is a great place to kind of test your filters and see what kind of leads you get because all their information is displayed right here. And we'll do some live filter building in just a little bit. And kind of the last point here, ignored industries, manufacturing, farming. Most people don't email companies from these industries. And if again follows that principle, if they get less marketing emails, they're more likely to reply. So if you want to try and find those blue oceans, think about what industries aren't really susceptible to marketing emails. And how can you frame your offer to help those industries and if they have money, you're going to be much more successful in your campaigns. And just continuing on that point, if we talked about who responds more, let's talk about who responds less. We already kind of talked about these mid-levels, the HR, the developers, the technical roles. And by the way, even if you can get them to respond, you're like, "Jay, you know what? I've got a campaign to staffing coordinators that's just crushing." Maybe it is, but how are the sales on on those responses? Because they don't really have the capabilities of making decisions, and they're much less likely to implement change, pushing it up the flag pole than going directly to a decision maker and having it go down. So overall, the advice is going to be avoid the mid- levels. General rule, as companies get bigger, response rates get lower. As companies get bigger, the age of that company also tends to go up and they seem to be more landlocked in their solutions. They've got vendors, they've got software companies, their decision makers are much busier and they're going to be less likely to respond. That doesn't mean that you shouldn't email bigger companies. What it means is you should adjust your expectations. So, if you're expecting a reply rate of 1% positive replies, if you're emailing companies 500 employees or bigger, you might be trying to get one out of a thousand to actually give you a positive response. We already talked about this, but heavy hit industries. Think about anyone who you assume has money. They're probably heavy hit, especially if they're easy to find on Apollo and LinkedIn. And then there's certain signals. We're going to talk extensively about signals in just a little bit, but certain signals and lists are just abused. one in particular, recently funded. So, companies who recently got funding for their their business. Those guys get slammed with cold emails for obvious reasons. They just got a whole bunch of money and everyone wants to go try and sell them their thing. And it's a good strategy. It really is. The trick with that is to be first. And again, adjust your expectations because if that list is getting slammed, then all you are is a stack in a pile. And then you really have to stand out, which we're going to show you how to do in the copywriting phase. All right. fun little graphic representation there. The inverse relationship between how much money your prospect has and what their chance of replying is. And it's just something a way to kind of gauge your expectations. This is why guaranteeing any sort of reply rates for cold email campaigns is really tough without knowing who I'm contacting. The more money that lead has, the less likely they are to reply. And the less money that lead has, the more likely they are to reply because they need help and they've got time. So what is the solution here? Adjust expectations. Try and get creative to try and find those blue oceans, the people with money that are likely to reply. And then really the goal is to find a balance. This is actually one of my ads. Uh that's AI generated. Got to love AI. Just me falling. Uh but where to find your leads? So how to actually build your lead list? Where are they located? Well, we already talked about a couple places which is LinkedIn, Apollo, and generally these are considered the same since Apollo and most B2B databases are essentially scraping LinkedIn on a daily basis. But what if your leads aren't on LinkedIn? What if you're targeting construction companies and they don't tend to have companies listed on LinkedIn? They might not have a LinkedIn profile at all. What if you're targeting restaurant owners and those restaurants also probably aren't on LinkedIn? It's not a professional network. It's not B2B, so they have no reason to be there. Or what if you're targeting influencers? You want to sell content creators something. How are you going to find them on LinkedIn? They're probably not writing content creator in their bio. They're going to put their professional job title and industry, and it's probably not going to be the parameters that you want to use to target them. So, now I'm going to be talking about all these different situations, what databases to use, what tools to use, and how to decide where the best place to find your perfect lead is. So, with that being said, here are all the places where your leads could be living. B2B contact databases such as Apollo. There's some other names probably worth mentioning here, such as Zoom Info, Seamless.ai. There's a few big players in this game. The reason that we use Apollo is going to be apparent very soon. It's also the best balance of affordability and data accuracy. If you just wanted the best for data accuracy, you would use Zoom Info. But Zoom Info is unruly expensive. Let's actually ask Chat PT how much Zoom Info costs. How much does Zoom Info cost per year? And by the way, Zoom Info, I think only does annual plans. They put you on an annual contract and it's about 15,000 per year for 5,000 bulk credits. That's almost nothing. That's disgustingly low. Their mid tier is 25,000 a year. And you can't just do mass exports like I'm going to show you how to do, which is really what you need to do for cold email. Now, for cold email, you work with a lot of data. It's a numbers game. This isn't individuals sitting down and doing onetoone outreach. If you've got a big company and a big team of SDRs, sales development representatives that are doing prospecting, then maybe it's worth it to pay that 25,000 a year to get the best possible data in Zoom Info. But for cold outreach, you want to be using something that allows you to export tens of thousands of leads all at one time. Push them into a cold email campaign and automate the outreach. So there's B2B contact databases. We just mentioned a couple. Some are really cheap and they're going to be enticing for you. So I'm on AppSumo right now. And you see here, Lead Rocks. This is a really enticing offer, right? You get unlimited lifetime usage. You pay $800 one time and you get access to all of this data. Don't fall for any of these cheap cheap lead databases because the fastest thing to kill your campaign is emailing the wrong people or having a bunch of bounced data. If a cheap database doesn't keep their data up to-date and clean, then you're going to end up emailing the wrong person and they're going to end up reporting you as spam and then it's going to kill your entire campaign. Remember, this is hard enough as it is without you trying to cut corners and save money and using tools that are just going to handicap you. So, I'm going to show you the cheapest possible way to get you 99% of the way there. The same way that I do it is what I'm going to show you what to do and save as much money as possible without crippling your campaigns. So, B2B contact databases. There you go. We're going to use Apollo. The other option that you have is LinkedIn scraping. So, I already mentioned that B2B contact databases are generally scraping LinkedIn. However, it's not every day. So, another option is actually just using a LinkedIn scraper and then you're typically getting the most accurate data. It's a little bit tougher to do in bulk. I'll show you some of the best tools to get that done. Google Map scraping. So, we talked about finding restaurant owners as an example. This is where you typically finding mom and pop stores that are listed on Google Maps, especially if you sell in a geographical region. This is a really powerful way to build a lead list. There's other list scraping. So maybe you need to scrape social media or you need to use AI scrapers. I'm going to show you some of those too and some use cases for them. So when you're trying to figure out where to find your leads, where to get your list, the first question you need to ask yourself is, is your ICP usually on LinkedIn or not usually? And I just gave you some examples. the bluecollar owner who maybe runs a plumbing business, the restaurant owner. These people are probably not on LinkedIn and they probably don't have like their industry and their company on LinkedIn, which they really need to have in order to be listed in here in Apollo. This is a good way to test whether or not your ICP is going to be on LinkedIn. So, if you go to my LinkedIn profile, for example, obviously I'm a marketing agency owner, so it's going to be really easy to tell what I do. You'll see Otter Public Relations here. Otter Public Relations actually has their own LinkedIn page. So, I can go to Otter Public Relations LinkedIn page and they've got employees listed here. We've got all of our staff and this is a prerequisite if you want to find your leads in a B2B database such as Apollo or on LinkedIn. So, even if I was a restaurant owner and maybe I'm on LinkedIn and maybe I have it in my bio, but I don't have a company profile for that restaurant, then chances are it's not going to show up on a LinkedIn scraper or Apollo and you're going to have to use a Google map scraper. However, if your ICP is on LinkedIn, most are, especially if you sell B2B, good chance that you're selling to somebody who's accessible on something like Apollo and you're going to reach for a B2B database like this. Now, I mentioned here again, if you're looking at data quality, Zoom Info is better than Apollo, better than Seamless, but you want the ability to export in bulk. And for that, Apollo is the best balance there. And then, if you decide that you do want to use LinkedIn scraping for whatever reason, then there is a really good affordable way to do it. The tool that you're going to use to scrape LinkedIn is called ICPS. And if you're interested in using this, you can go to my software vault and get a discount on ICPS here. Again, that's all linked down below. Couple reasons that this is so powerful, and you can see it's actually something I use. I've got a ton of credits. You can scrape 10,000 per day all at the same time. So, other LinkedIn scrapers are really going to limit you or make you sit there in LinkedIn and keep clicking buttons. This does it all on autopilot. But the best part, and the reason that I actually recommend it, again, this is not sponsored, super affordable, and every email they give you is validated. So, you don't have to do any email validation after you've gotten the leads from ICPS. If you're interested in learning exactly how to use it, I've got a video here, the easy LinkedIn method gets you leads on autopilot that will walk you through step by step how I scrape LinkedIn. Now, I've already mentioned several times that for cold email, you need to be able to have bulk data. You need to export thousands and thousands of leads so that you can upload them into your cold email campaigns and start sending emails on autopilot. And platforms like Zoom Info don't let you do that. Apollo does let you do that. However, it can be really expensive and you're going to need an enterprise plan. But one of the best things about Apollo is that it's scrapable. So, what you can actually do is sign up for a free Apollo plan. You can sign up for free, make an account, and you can use the link in my software vault to get a discount on Apollo as well, but you'll sign up for that free account in Apollo. Then, you're going to set up your lead filters. I'm going to walk you through step by step how to do that, but just know that you're going to use these filters on the left, and you're going to get a URL here up at the top. That URL has those filters built in. The next thing that you're going to do is come to a site called trustedleads.io. These guys are going to scrape that list for you. So, you can just input that list here. You can even scrape multiple lists, verify the leads, but I'm going to go ahead and just put that link here in the Apollo URL to scrape and they will scrape 10,000 leads for $50. unbelievably affordable way to get bulk leads exported from Apollo, scraped fresh, verified, without having to pay a subscription fee or pay the large Apollo fees. Now, the limitation with this is that you can't save lists. So, if you have an Apollo account, you can save all of your exports to a list so that next time you go and export more leads, you can exclude that list. Here's what I mean. When I'm building a list using the filters here on the left, all of these are different lists that I've already built. Now, I can include, but I can also, what's really useful is exclude lists. So, if I'm scraping, for example, all of the marketing business owners in America, there's going to be millions of people. I probably don't want to export them all at once. I want to do it in pieces. So, if I want to do that, I'll add the ones that I export to a list so that when I go to scrape more of them, I can exclude that list so I'm not getting duplicates. So therefore, if you do want to use this trusted leads strategy, instead of using list exclusions, you should keep track of a parameter like city or state or country or something else that you can control here. For example, job title, industry, employee counts, just different parameters so that you know, okay, I already scraped Florida. Now let's scrape California. And then you can exclude certain states in the filters. Hope that makes sense. Let's move forward. That way you can save 80% on the same data that you would get with Apollo, but now somebody is scraping and validating that data for you just to really speed up your workflow. And as mentioned, consider scraping one state at a time. Tends to be the best way to organize your your lead list and make sure that you're not getting duplicates. And for those of you that are a little bit more advanced, I will be walking you through later how to build your own Apollo.io scraper so you don't have to rely on trusted leads or any other company to get data from Apollo for you. And I'll also show you how to get this entire template so you can just copy and paste this into your own business and start scraping Apollo on autopilot. Now, it's worth mentioning that if you're making a lot of money from cold email and you really just want to optimize for the shortest possible workflow, the easiest thing where you can set it and forget it, then going from trusted leads at getting that data, putting in million verifier, and then importing it into your instantly account can be a lot of steps. So, if you don't care about the cost of leads, then it might be worth mentioning that Instantly AI does have some really great features for automating a lot of the list building process. So, let's actually talk about Instantly's list building process just a little bit and I kind of touched on it earlier and they've actually changed a lot over the past month and they'll probably continue to change it. So, they used to call this lead finder, now it's super search. So, one, it's an AI assisted lead builder. You can put leads into lists and then you're able to automate the leads going from the instantly leadfinder into the campaigns. Let's go ahead and do one of these AI list building searches. I want to find marketing agency owners that are startups in the USA. So, a really simple search here. We just use some of what I talked about earlier to try and find an ICP to start selling to. And it's just going to take my AI and it's going to basically build the filters for me. So I don't I don't have to worry about it. Now I really want to see you guys doing this instead of relying on an AI because the AI is generally wrong. Uh company name, it's looking for company with the name startup in it. Like that is obviously not right. So AI is really not reliable here. Let me go into my account where we've got a bunch of leadfinder credits. We've got 42,000 in here. So I'm going to come back into superarch. I'm going to go ahead and open up a recent search that we've had. Oh, it actually wants me to wants to charge me for the search. So they've changed this quite a bit. Uh, as of right now, I would not recommend using Instantly's Super Search or Leadfinder. It's just not as accurate as Apollo. It's, in my opinion, probably a third-hand lead source. Apollo secondhand because they're scraping LinkedIn instantly is probably scraping Apollo. Therefore, it's really delayed in the recency of the data. The benefit of using this is that they also verify it for you. So, you don't you can skip the verification step, but you'll end up paying much much more than if you were using trusted leads. That's why I still recommend using trusted leads. It's reliable. You don't have to worry about any weird scraping solutions. Uh and it's fresh. But just kind of looking at pricing here. So 50 bucks a month for 1,500 leads. So it is significantly significantly more expensive. And it's not even firsthand data. So they are the best for cold email and they've done a really good job at integrating everything under one roof, but they're still definitely not the best for exporting large amounts of data for an affordable price. it will dramatically increase the price of running your cold email system. All right, now let's talk about using filters in B2B databases. Now, this is the primary way that most of you are going to build your lead list. And it's really easy to f up. So, we're going to do a walk through and just make sure that you follow some of my core rules and you're going to at least get yourself 90% of the way there. But, the best cold emailers get creative and they use a lot of my little secrets and hacks that I'm going to be dropping for you. So, make sure to take notes. If I do something unorthodox, there's probably a reason for it. Take note and use it and I promise you it's going to work. So, let's talk through some of these filters. Ones to always use, almost always. There's exceptions for everything. Job title, the industry, the location, the company size, and the email status. We're going to walk through what those are in just a second, but most of them are self-explanatory. The next is company keywords. These are much more descriptive than using the industry. So, one problem that we'll constantly see when we're building lead lists in any B2B database, doesn't matter if it's Zoom Info or Seamless AI. If you just use the industry to get your list filtered, then you're going to end up with a lot of stupid overlap. For example, let's say I want to target automotive companies and I use automotive as my industry filter and I expect that I'm going to get a bunch of car dealerships. Well, that couldn't be further from the truth. We're going to get manufacturers. We're going to get people in automotive supply chain, engineering, we might even get marketing agencies for automotive companies, SEO agencies for automotive companies. And the there's no way that all of those are a good fit for your offer. So, for that reason, we want to make sure to include company keywords as well. You're going to see your list shrink quite a bit, but that's a good thing. We want your list to shrink. That means it's going to be more targeted. Another filter to consider using is technologies. Technologies tells you what software platforms and solutions a company is already using. And if you're curious what your options are, you can always come and search for Apollo.io technology filters and they'll give you a full list and actually love plugging these lists. As you can see, I've copied them several times. I've plugged these list into AI to see, okay, you know, what technologies can I use that are going to be helpful for me in selling my thing. So, I'm going to go ahead and download this CSV file and open it up. And now, as you can see, we've got all of these different technologies and categories. So, you can actually upload this to AI and say, you know, find me a solution or find me a technology that suggests that the company is investing in B2B lead generation and it'll go through all these technologies and they're very familiar with them and it'll tell you what specific ones that you can target. Now, this is such a powerful strategy that I'm going to go ahead and show it to you specifically. Uh, I use Grock for this because it's really good at intaking large amounts of data, especially as spreadsheets. So, I'm going to go ahead and upload that file supported technologies. And I'm going to say, find me the top 10 technologies to use for B2B sales targeting. I am looking for technologies that are expensive and used in B2B lead generation. I'm still amazed that Grock is free. It's so good at processing large amounts of data. I pay for chat GBT and HubSpot, but I'll still use Grock when I'm doing things like this. It also never says no to me. If I'm asking it to do something like morally or ethically questionable, chat GBT won't do it. Claude won't do it. Groc will always do it. So, it went through and it found Salesforce, HubSpot, Marquo, Aloqua. Now, a lot of these are CRM. They're not necessarily what I had in mind. I was more thinking like cold outreach tools. It's got Zoom Info, Demand Base. So you can keep chatting with this thing to get it more refined and say, you know, don't include CRM. But this went through that whole list and found the technologies to use. And this is really the right way to do it because if you just come into Apollo and you come into the technologies list and you just start searching through them, there's way too many. It's not even close to limited to this. You have to start typing for them to actually come up. So the best way to do it is to download it and to work with AI to find your list of technologies and then type them in here one at a time. So like sales loft. Okay, so that's how you filter technologies. Let's talk about job postings. This is a good filter because it tells you what a company is hiring for right now. If they're hiring, they're trying to solve a problem and they haven't solved that problem because they are hiring for it. So, typically you'll have an offer. Your offer solves some sort of problem in somebody's business. If they're hiring for that problem, you can then email that company and say, "Hey, saw you're hiring for this. You know, I can help you do this for a quarter of the price as a full-time employee." It's a really good strategy. and even just to find companies who are willing to invest in the solution that you're pitching. Now, one of the problems with Apollo job postings data, which is down here, is that it's a little bit delayed. As I said, Apollo's a secondhand data platform. So, even with technologies, this one is usually using builtwith data. So, builtwith.com is the source of most of this technology data. They're the ones that tell you what a company is using. of lead genenj.com you can look it up and it'll tell you the specific technologies that are installed on my site what what I am using and most of the data from Apollo will come from builtwith but it's delayed it's not in real time the same thing is true of the job posting data but the job posting data is a lot more critical because if they were hiring for something 3 months ago they may have already solved their problem and there are some solutions to this that I'll talk about a little bit later when it comes to list building, specifically scraping job posts, you get much more accurate and recent job data. But you can use Apollo for this, and it is a good tell to at least find companies willing to invest in that solution. All right, so we talked about filters that I like, filters that work. Let's talk about filters that don't work, but I wish worked. The first one is the signal filters in Apollo. They're never accurate, and every time I've tried them, they always give me a worse result. What is a signal filter inside of Apollo? Go ahead and reset everything. And by the way, just to mention, one of the always filters to use is email status. You always want a verified email. You may end up missing some people. So if you have a really small total addressable market, like there's only a few thousand people that you can reach out to, then maybe don't use this. For everybody else, make sure when you're copying this link and sending it to trusted leads, you're using that verified filter. Okay, so what about these signal filters? A signal is a data point that tells you something relatively recent and relevant about that company. So, some examples of signals that Apollo offers are funding. So, did this company recently get funding? Are they doing their series A? These are all signals. And then there's the specific signals that Apollo offers. So, they've got company signals and people signals. Now, typically, you're just going to be worried about company signals, like what what's happening with that company. And don't worry about all these industries and the company signals. That's not what we're looking for. What we're looking for, let's go all the way to the bottom. These are the signals that you'll probably see that are going to be really enticing to to try and use. Recent funding, rapid growth, merger acquisition, new product or service. So, something happening within the company that tells us, oh, you know, they recently got funding, so maybe they'd be a good fit for me to reach out to. They just had a merger, so maybe they've got some corporate change going on and they need help with something. They're cutting costs, so maybe I should pitch my more affordable software solution. These are all the these all make a lot of sense if the data is accurate. What I've found even I've tried to use them probably a dozen times knowing what I'm doing and I don't think the data is accurate enough to be usable unfortunately at least not from Apollo. There is another place where you can get this data where it tends to be more accurate and I'll talk about that with you in just a second. awards or recognitions, new client sign, new partnership. These are all signals of things happening in a company. And there's a bunch of different data points and ways that they're getting that data, but it's second or thirdand data and it's typically not going to be accurate or usable. Funding we just talked about, it's typically outdated by the time it's in Apollo. And again, for funding, that's a signal that gets abused. So, if you're going to use it, you need to make sure that you're first. And if you're using Apollo for funding data, you're not first. Next is revenue. A lot of my clients want to target by revenue. The problem with using revenue as a filter is that private companies don't need to disclose their revenue, and they don't. So, Apollo's typically just guessing at what that company's revenue numbers are. Unless the company's public, there's just no way for anyone to know their actual revenue numbers. So, you want to use a proxy for revenue, which is typically going to be employee count and knowing the type of industry and how many employees on average that industry has. So for SAS it might be lower. For a construction company or a factory company it might be higher. And then buying intent is another one that sounds super enticing but you do not want to use Apollo for buying intent. So within Apollo you'll see another filter here called buying intent. And this one is re I wish it worked. I've tried it so many times and it just does not work. And I can come into intent topics and I can edit. You can only have five active at a time. And this might not be available for free accounts. I just want you to know that it's there. And you can search for topics. So if I'm looking for companies that are interested in lead generation, I might find buying intent for lead generation consulting, lead generation services. These are companies that apparently are looking for this stuff and it's worth testing as a split test against against your control campaign. But so far, to my knowledge, none of these have worked. The data points are not accurate and it ends up yielding a worse result than just using the standard filters. All right. So what are signals? Let's just re reiterate some of this stuff. if it's real-time info about a lead or about their business. Types of signals include job changes, company growth, featured in the news, hiring. There's also social signals like someone commented on something, someone posted about a certain topic, someone liked the post. And then there's signals that you can create and you can think about. If you understand your tool set and you understand your leads, then you can create various signals and automate those signals. So, let me give you an example. I sell cold email services and cold email buildouts. So, who's a great prospect for me to sell to? One great prospect is people who are already sending cold emails and doing a bad job. So, how do I find those people? One of the easiest places to look are people using Instantly AI. So, maybe they're on the Instantly AI Slack channel, which I can scrape. And they're also sending cold emails that aren't aren't going to the inbox. They're going to my spam. So, I actually created a signal that scrapes my spam inbox for people sending me cold emails and adds them to an instantly campaign for me to say, "Hey, your email is in spam. Here's the problems with it. Here's my community where you can learn more about cold email and get better." That's a creative signal that nobody else is using, and it's not something that I got from Apollo. So, once you get really good at this stuff, and I'm going to teach you some really advanced ninja tactics later on so that you can build your own signal workflows. And as you can see on this picture on the lefth hand side, this is Clay. And one of Clay's specialty is helping you use signals. It's one of the most powerful things in cold email in lead generation because now you actually know that that person has a problem instead of just guessing with filters and it massively increases the results of your campaign. So let me show you an example of a campaign that uses signals versus one that doesn't. So this Inc 5000 campaign is one where we scraped the Inc. 5000 winners. They had just got not notified that they won the award. It got a 5% reply rate. Most of those being positive replies. Show you another example for my lead generation services, one of the ones that I just mentioned to you. So, this is the campaign uh that I was just talking about. Cold email replies. These are people that ended up in my spam. They're sending me cold emails. I have a 20% reply rate, 84.5% positive reply rates on this campaign. It is just printing money for me cuz nobody else is doing it. And I know that these people need help. So, I'm going to teach you how to build specific workflows like this towards the end of this once you master some of the basics and the fundamentals. We're not there yet. And we kind of touched on this already, but where to get signal data if you want to use it and you want it to be more accurate. For recent funding, you're going to want to use Crunchb. They have the most accurate and up-to-date funding information, and this is where all the other B2B databases pull their funding information from. But they don't do it every day. It's not in real time. you want it to be in real time because signals are a timebased thing. And if you can be the first to respond to that signal, then you're going to win. If you do want to use buyer intent data, I recommend a tool called Audience Lab. If you want to sign up for audience lab, I do have a discount that I can offer you inside of my software vault. For social signals, you can use Trigify again in my software vault. And then for custom signal workflows, some of the ones that I just mentioned, if you can learn to use these two tools, Apify and NADN, there's nothing that you can't build. And I'm going to show you some of the really cool stuff that I've built with it and how to copy some of those templates into your business such as recent job postings, recent funding. All of those are custom templates that we have built using these two tools that are highly accurate and time-sensitive. Okay. So, what if your ICP, your perfect prospect is not on LinkedIn or Apollo? What do you do? You're going to have a little bit of a challenge in finding the right emails. But the good news is if they're not on LinkedIn or Apollo, they're probably not being abused with marketing emails, which means you're more likely to stand out. So, a couple solutions for you. For doctors, real estate agents, Apollo is not going to be the best solution. Instead, you're going to want to use a tool called bookyoudata.com. For all this stuff, check the link down in the description. It's going to take you to this tool where you can get discounts on all of these tools. Also, bookyouda.com is by far the best solution for mobile numbers. So, if you're doing any sort of cold calling, you need to use mobile numbers, not company lines. And for getting accurate mobile numbers for a reasonable price, Book Your Data is by far the best solution. But the reality is, if your ICP is not on LinkedIn or Apollo, you're probably going to need to scrape Google Maps for it. And this can get a little bit annoying, and there's some things that you need to know about scraping Google Maps. I'm going to show you the beginner's way to scrape Google Maps, cuz this is what most of you are probably going to do. But just know that if you're advanced, there's nothing you can't scrape with Ampify and NAMN. And I'll show you how to do that a little bit later on. But for now, let's talk to you beginners. I recommend using one of two tools. Leadswift is my personal favorite. It's affordable and I really like the user interface and the quality of data that it gets you. So here is Leadswift. Again, super affordable. I'm going to go ahead and log in and just show you what the data looks like and how to initiate one of these searches. So all these are previous campaigns that I've scraped Google Maps. So I'm going to go ahead and just show you one of these. You can enter a specific keyword that you want to search. Abortion clinic is one of the first ones. And then enter a location. So specifically a city and a state. And then you can scrape that city and state. And then it's going to scrape. And it's going to give you a result that looks like this. So let's go into one of these scraped results and see what we're working with here. Now the scrape was a while ago. So a lot of this data might be old. But what I love is that you can filter by a lot of the most important key points here. Whether or not they have an email listed. Yes, email. I can say I want to find people that don't have a YouTube cuz maybe I sell YouTube services. I want to get them on YouTube. Maybe I want to target people that have a non-working website so I can help them with their website. And then I can hit filter and it will find me auto body shops that have a website that's down that have an email address listed publicly. There are a lot of these people. Exclude closed locations. So from here I can just export all of this data. I can remove duplicates and it's a really easy way for me to get data from Google Maps that's highly usable and really affordable. Now, the other honorable mention that I want to make here is igleads.io. This is one of the best all-in-one scrapers. So, because it's all-in-one, it's not going to be the best at any specific use case, but if you ever need to scrape something a little bit unique and you don't know what to use, this is going to be a pretty good and really affordable solution for you. So, as you can see on the left here, it can scrape just about any social media platform that you need. And just understand like a lot of these platforms don't have emails readily available. Like Instagram is like 1 in 10, YouTube's like 1 in 10. They can also scrape home homeowners market deals. So, for BTOC scraping, this can be a really powerful tool. It's also super affordable and you can scrape multiple lists at the same time. The scrapers run in the background. So, definitely worth checking out. and discounts are available inside of my software database here which is going to be linked down below. Okay, so we chatted about scraping Google Maps. Uh we're going to talk about using Appify to scrape just about anything towards the end. It's going to be for the advanced people, but for you beginners, there's no reason you can't go in to Leadswift, type in the keyword for what you're looking for and the city and get tons of email addresses for the people that you're looking for. Just make sure to verify those email addresses once they're out. And we're going to talk about email verification in just a little bit. Okay, so what if your leads are not on Apollo and they're probably not on Google Maps, for example. Maybe you're looking for influencers. You're looking for content creator and maybe you need to scrape Instagram or YouTube for a keyword like course creator. Well, then you're going to reach for a tool like IG leads like we just mentioned and you can scrape specific keywords and get emails through those social media platforms. There's other unique use cases. For example, I had a client who only wanted to help companies that supported veterans. Well, that's not an industry. That's not a keyword that I can type in because that's not the service that they perform. It's just companies that give back to veterans. So, that was a really tough one. And for cases like that, you can reach for a tool like ocean.io. This company has scraped all of the websites across the internet and you can create lookalikes based on companies that you know are a good fit. And you can use specific phrases or keywords. So, I can tell ocean.io I'm looking for companies that help veterans and support veterans. and it's going to go through all of the websites that it has scraped and see if they have a section that's about supporting veterans on their website. This can get a little bit pricey, but for those of you that have those unique use cases, it's good to know about the tools that are in your wheelhouse. All right, just another word of caution. Avoid any cheap B2B databases and do not buy email lists from anybody. Don't be tempted. They're usually trash and they're going to kill your campaigns. You don't want old data and you don't want bounced emails. And what's worse than old or bounced is wrong data. For example, emailing somebody that you think is a marketing agency and they're actually an automotive company. There's no faster way to get marked as spam than that. If you do buy access to a cheap list or maybe it's a specific list that you're looking for and you can't otherwise scrape it or source it and you need to buy that list, make sure that you clean it good and then make sure that you qualify those leads using clay. We're going to talk about AI qualification towards the advanced sections at the end. I think my team made this meme for me, but it's great. What about lead rocks? Slap in the face. Stop being a tight butt. Don't be cheap. Um, not all email providers are created equal. Not all lead databases are created equal. If the email is accurate, but the other info is not, maybe it's got their name wrong or their company name wrong, they will report you as spam and you can end up in a lot of trouble. And if you upload a list and the email bounces, you will get blacklisted. That's one of the fastest ways to destroy your reputation is high bounce rates. That's why it's super important to clean and verify your list. You must send good emails to the right person with the right information. If you want to win, all right, now let's do a live list building with you inside of Apollo to figure out how I actually go about it from start to finish. And the only filter I'm going to start with is email status as verified. And I'm going to do this relatively broadly so that the most people can benefit from from it. And I'm going to do this for my PR agency. Now, we have the benefit of being able to sell PR services to just about any company anywhere on Earth. So, let's say to make this a little bit more interesting that we sell PR services specifically to cosmetics and e-commerce company. So, what I want to do is I want to start with job titles. And I want to include a bunch of different types of job titles on on here that are all decision makers. This is the way that I like to do it. There's an alternative way you can do it as well. founder, co-founder, CEO, CMO, COO, president. Basically, any decision maker at this company. They're going to see a lot of variations of this. You know, president and CEO, co-founder, chief operating officer. There's different ways to say these things. Apollo's smart, and you don't need to do all the variations. It it knows what's what. So, you can see I'm now down to 5.2 million while using these filters. Uh, and as you can see, I've got include people with similar titles as well. The alternative is you could come to management level and just do owner founder seuite and get most of the way there. But as you can see, I've got 5.2 million here. If I do it this way, I get much less. The next filter that I want to use is location. So, I really want to focus my cold email efforts inside the United States. Most people do. Uh, and that's what I would generally recommend. Cool thing if you are targeting specific regions or cities is you can select zip codes and zip code radiuses inside of Apollo.io. We're not going to do that in this case. I'm much more concerned with where that company is located. So, I'm going to come into location account headquarters in the United States. If they have remote employees in other in other countries, I don't really care. Uh, next is number of employees. I can either check all these boxes or I can do a custom range here. That custom range becomes really useful when you're trying to segment. Like, I don't want one employee because then they're brand new. Maybe I want three employees. I'm going to go ahead and use that. We're going to say minimum three, maximum 100 employees. And as you can see, that brings my list way down to 1.2 million. Next is industry and keywords. So you can stack them. I could say like ecom. I'm not even sure that's a specific industry that I can put in here. So I could do industries and keywords, but I actually like using keywords better. So I'm going to do company keywords. And what this does is it uses their company description. And if I come into advanced, it's also using their social media description and lots of different areas where I can pull these keywords. So, let's say e-commerce, different variations of spelling it. Ecom, online retail, online marketplace. And now you see my list starts to get a lot smaller. Now, I'm going to stop here. Uh I I could keep going with the keywords and use AI to try and find more keywords for the specific companies that I'm trying to reach. But I want to get through all these filters. Buying intent, nope. Email status verify to make sure that that's checked. Technologies, I don't really want to use. Maybe there's something that they had installed that suggested that they cared about their media presence. For this lead list, I don't think I want to use it. And then none of the signal stuff. So now I've built a pretty good lead list. I've got 36,000 people in the United States in the employee range that I want with the correct job titles. We've got the company keywords or specific. Now, what you should probably do at this point is go through these the leads that it found, the companies, the the people, and just see if it actually found companies that are a good fit for you. So, what do these guys do? You can come in to the company keywords, find ones that are a good fit. So, let's find an e-commerce company that's actually a good fit and what industries that it's pulling here. Information and technology. I wonder why. Maybe because I put online marketplace. Let's try and get rid of online marketplace and see what happens. This is why you always need to doublech checkck your list because you never really know what it's going to give you. If you just did your filters and you assume that you were right, this is where everybody goes wrong. You really need to go and doublech checkck what you searched and why the companies are pulling up that are pulling up. It might be the wrong keyword being used. Let's go ahead and stack an industry on top of this or try by industry. Another thing that you can do here is kind of the same thing that I did earlier but with the industries that you can target. So, I want to search for Apollo.io industry industry filter options. As you can see, they've got a whole list here. So, I'm just going to go ahead and copy all of them. I missed accounting. And then let's go back to Grock and let's say here are the industry filters. Apollo, find me the best one to use. Getting e-commerce companies. This is how you use AI the right way. When you're building lead lists, when you're doing cold outreach, use it as a tool for specific use cases. Never tell it to do a whole thing. Okay. Love this. Retail, internet, consumer goods. Let's go ahead and use consumer goods and retail as the industries. Consumer goods, retail. So, now let's refine the list a little bit. We've got these companies. We want to find ones that are actually a good fit. So, sculpture, clocks, customer service, online retail. We're looking for specific keywords that our best fits have in common and specific keywords where it may have pulled in the wrong person. So in this case like B2B, we probably want to get rid of B2B. So we can come into advanced settings, company keywords. Instead of include keywords, I'm going to exclude keywords. So let's go ahead and uncheck that box and exclude keywords like B2B. There's a lot of different ways to do this. You can use keywords to to search, you can use industries, and then you can refine by excluding keywords. But just make sure that you're doing this process. Go through your leads, make sure people are a good fit. Exclude keywords that would pretty much exempt somebody from being a good fit. I might want to add apparel and fashion as an additional industry. Then I'm just going through until I have a good refined list. And nine out of 10 people on this list look like a good fit for my offer. And then once you're done, you've got this link up top. You're just going to copy it, put it into trusted.io, and you are off to the races. Finally, to answer the age-old question of BTOC cold email, can you sell consumer products via cold email? Maybe you're selling to homeowners. Maybe you're selling roofing services. Maybe you're selling high ticket baby strollers. To know if somebody needs a baby stroller, I need to know that they have a baby. So, depending on who you're trying to reach, the question you have to ask yourself or ask an expert is, is there some sort of filter or database or way for me to know that the person that I'm emailing is in fact a good fit for my offer? Is there something in their bio, in their profile, something public that I can scrape and use to decide if this person is a good fit? Now, the answer is usually yes. If you know where to look, you know what tools are at your disposal, and you've done it enough times. Over the years, I've faced some really insane BTOC cold email campaigns. Some of them work. And to be honest with you, a lot of them don't. Uh, for the reason that I just mentioned, you need to be specific about the person you're emailing. If you're not, you're going to get reported as spam and your emails are not going to work long term. You need to shoot a zillion arrows to find the one person who is a good fit. But if you can find a way to isolate the perfect leads based on some sort of public data, like a social media bio, something that they're posting about some usually it's something on social media, then you can make this work. And if you can't and you're just trying to email rich people to sell them financial advice and financial services, then you can expect a ton of emails going to spam. Maybe one in 5,000 of these people actually need your service because they're not targeted and you're not going to get good results and cold email is not going to work. So, you need a way to target them. With that being said, there's usually a way. You'll can typically find out if somebody's a homeowner, if they have children, their general age range. With modern tools that I'm going to be getting into towards the advanced section, there's ways to to find this information and to contact people based on that criteria. There's also something to be said about the cost of cold emailing versus what you stand to make from it. So, if you have a high ticket offer and you have a targeted campaign, then it's really easy to show positive ROI. However, if you're selling something that's $100 and you don't have good targeting, so one out of every,000 people is somewhat interested or one out of 10,000 actually buys, then there's no way you're going to be able to justify the price of running the cold email campaigns and you're just going to piss people off. So, for that reason, I'll usually screen these B TOC customers and figure out if there's something that we can do to make it work. So, there are two ways to destroy your domain reputation and end up in spam hell. Now, the first way is obvious. it's getting marked as spam. But most people never consider that this other thing can destroy your email reputation just as fast. So, what I'm talking about here is email bounce rates. This is where your email doesn't reach its intended destination and it bounces back. Kind of like when you kick a ball into a wall and it rebounds right into your face. Well, to be honest, I would prefer the black eye over ending up in a spam trap. So, here's how to avoid email bouncing for good through my multi-layer validation process. All right, email list verification and qualification. This is also known as list cleaning, but it goes much deeper than that. Obviously, you want to make sure your emails are valid, but I want to take it one step further and add two additional layers to make sure that you're actually emailing the right people and that that email doesn't bounce back. This is going to massively increase your odds of getting a positive reply rate and having a healthy campaign. So, I actually didn't make a slide to explain email bouncing. So, what I just did is I went into Claude and I asked, "Hey, what's a simple way to explain email bouncing?" And I really like the answer. So, I just kind of want to start here. Email bouncing is when it bounces back to you, just like bouncing off a wall. See where I got the metaphor just now? Think of it like mailing a letter. If the address is wrong, the postal service returns it to you. So, here are some reasons why an email can bounce. Bad address. The email address doesn't exist. It's a full mailbox. Server problems, maybe, especially if you're not using Google or Microsoft. Blocked content. This is a super important one that most people don't consider. For example, they'll get a list from trustedleads.io. They'll start emailing that list. They'll even verify the list first and then what the hell? All these emails are bouncing. Why are they bouncing? Well, the content was probably flagged as spam or your reputation of your domains is bad and the email service provider that you are trying to reach out to the Google or Microsoft bounced it back. They rejected the email. You could hit size limits. Uh, but those are the main ones. I really want you to think about blocked content, though, because it's more than just email validation. They can be blocked for other reasons and and bounce. So, there's two types of bounces, hard bounce and soft bounce. They are what they sound like. Hard bounce a permanent failure for reasons like bad address or domain doesn't exist. And then a soft bounce, which isn't really going to ding you, is a full mailbox or a server down. And typically, when you get a bounce, you'll have a reason for it. So, you'll have some kind of automatic message. So, if you're getting email bounces, you can actually log in to the mailbox that's getting the email bounces and see what those reasons are. All right, now that you understand email bouncing, let's talk about email verification. This is kind of the first line in defense to protect you against email bouncing. So, we already mentioned one of the main reasons that an email bounces, a hard bounce. This is what you want to avoid because it's super avoidable, which is a bad address. So, email verification is this a process, usually a software that pings each email to see if it's a valid email address. And typically, you'll get outputs like good, risky, or bad. I'm going to explain what each of these mean in just a second, but just know that you should only be sending to good emails. Remember, this stuff is hard enough as it is. You want to give yourself the best possible chance at succeeding. To do that, you do what I say. Only email good emails. and I'm going to show you how to get as many good emails as you possibly can. Remember, bouncing hurts your sender reputation and you end up going to spam. So, now let's dive deeper into some of those cleaning results. This is a chart of a email validation and you can see that there's goods, there's riskies, there unknowns, there's bads. So, I'm actually going to pop into Million Verifier. This is kind of my first layer tool that I'll typically use for email validation and explain each of these results instead of just reading off the slide. Let's actually go into the tool that I use on a day-to-day basis. All right, so this is what Million Verifier looks like. The reason that I use Million Verifier is because I validate a ton of emails and my entire team uses this. So I'm able to spend $2,500 to get 10 million email verification credits. Comes with 2 million extra for free. So in bulk, it's by far the most cost effective. And I can connect the APIs to everything to do all the different cool stuff that I want, including the automation with the Apollo scraper. So it goes scrape Apollo verify with million verifier and then get the verified file. And just to kind of hype you guys up so you can see what you'll be learning, uh, run the Apollo scraper. It then gets the data from the Apollo scrape, uploads it to Million verifier as you can see there, and then gets that file from Million Verifier and then sends it via email to us. It's usually whole process takes about 10 minutes. It's really an incredible workflow that I'm going to be showing you how to build. Okay, let's go into email verification and try and understand some of these results. So, this recent list here, doctors 235, I think it was a test list, had about 75% good, 22% risky, and 3% bad. That's actually pretty good results. Usually, you'll see something a little bit lower than that, like 69% good, 28% risky. This one's especially bad. I don't know what the hell happened here, but let's break down what each of these means. Good are valid existing emails. They're safe to send to. We don't have to worry about those. We want to send to good emails. The questionable ones are risky. And there's two different categories of risky. There's catchalls and there's unknowns. So, these are emails that our system couldn't validate. We don't know if they're good. We don't know if they're bad because of how they're configured. Now, I don't I don't want to go too indepth about what a catch-all is and what an unknown is cuz honestly, it doesn't matter. The important thing to note is that you do not emails, mailboxes that are not labeled as good. But you should know that there are ways to verify unknown and catch all emails. I'm going to be talking about those in just a second. This becomes especially relevant if you have a small total addressable market. Maybe you only sell to restaurants in small town Idaho and 30% of the email addresses that you have are catchall. 30 30% out of, you know, 5,000 total restaurants. That's a big problem. You really need that data. And instead of emailing that risky data, you can actually run it through one of the tools that I'm going to show you to check if that unknown or catchall is in fact valid. But just to break it down briefly, a catchall, the email server that you're emailing is set to accept all mail. So it sometimes bounces back if you don't check it. And then unknown, they really couldn't tell. bads obviously we want to avoid. Just to kind of reiterate the standard results that you'll see from an Apollo and trusted leads export, they're not going to be 100% valid. Even if you select that verified checkbox on your filters, they still come out around 70 to 80% valid. So those riskies are really high value data. We care about those riskies and there's something that we can do about it. And a fun little stat here, about half of those risky emails end up being deliverable. So, if you're like, "All right, is it even worth spending the time and effort to verify that 25% if out of those 90% of the riskies are going to be undeliverable?" Well, that's not the case. It's actually 50%. And you really want to email that 50% and you really want to avoid the 50% that's bad. So, I now do this on all of my workflows. We call it catchall verification, instant catchall verification. And I'm going to show you how to do it. This is a superpower that most cold email courses never talk about. So, use this hack to verify your risky emails. This is especially important if you have a small TAM. You're going to hear me keep mentioning that. I'm going to call it TAM from now on. That's your total addressable market. How many people could potentially be good leads and clients for you? If you run a marketing agency, you have a large TAM. You can service just about everybody. If you do something really specific for a really specific vertical, you're going to have a much smaller TAM. This becomes more important. So, I'm not going to break down in detail how companies validate risky emails. This is one of the classic examples that I think is fun, so probably worth showing you. So, to demonstrate this point, let me go ahead and download this report. I'm just going to download the risky emails cuz that's all I'm concerned about right now. And now I've got all these risky catch-alls, unknowns. And one way to check if this is a real mailbox or not, I can go ahead and copy it, paste it into my Gmail, and see if that comes up as a real person. If there's a face, it'll show up. If there's not a face, it'll be unknown. So, that's one way of kind of checking. And this is also one of the methods used by a lot of the catch-all verification companies. One of the other major methods is just data accumulation. They actually email those risky ones and we'll be able to tell you whether or not it went through or bounced back. So, there's a couple ways that I recommend validating your risky emails. The first way is to export them separately, kind of just like what I did in Million Verifier, and then you can upload them to a catch-all verification tool. The catchall tool that I typically use is Findmail. It's findmail.com. Again, discount in my software vault linked down below. And you can upload that list to find email. And it uses a combination of tactics to tell you whether or not those risky emails are safe to send to or not safe to send to. But I don't really like this method because it adds a big extra step in my workflow. And I don't like that. I like streamlining things. So in order to streamline things, I actually use clay. And clay is something that we're going to be talking about in depth in the advance section later on. So this is Clay and this is what the workflow generally looks like. You upload the data and the first step is verify with million verifier. The second step is to validate with find email. So I upload the data and all of this happens automatically. This is a more advanced topic that we're going to be diving into later on. But the important thing to note here is that we're really focused on streamlining our workflow. So you don't have to upload list into multiple places here. You only have to upload it once and then everything else happens automatically. You should also note that in general verifying catchalls is going to be more expensive than standard verification. So yes, you could upload your entire list to find email first and that way you skip the whole step of million verifier. But verification credits here are significantly more expensive than verification credits here. So I always want to start with the cheapest solution first. And most of these verification platforms are created pretty equally and then use a specialized platform specifically for catchall verification. Now I'll do a little honorable mention here. We're in AppSumo. So one of the exceptions to the rule of don't skimp on software is email verification. A lot of times they all work exactly the same way. Okay. And you could grab one of these AppSumo deals and it should work just fine. Just to kind of reiterate my recommended workflow for verification, you're going to export your leads using my Apollo and trusted leads workflow that we just talked about. We're going to clean with million verifier first. You're going to buy bulk credits to get your cost all the way down or within trusted leads. You can just select verify my leads for me and it's going to give you a million verifier verified list. Then you're going to upload those leads to find email. It's fast and it's a really good value. specifically for catchalls. And if you're more advanced, you'll have my clay template so that you can just upload the leads there and it'll do it all for you. And that is coming later. Couple pro tips here. If you get your data from Instantly AI, they also verify your riskies using data compilation sources. So if you buy lead data directly from Instantly, you really don't have to worry about verification at all, but you are paying the extra for the leads. Another pro tip here, verification is not just for cold lead data. If you have a CRM and you've got warm people who are opting in, you've got a warm lead list, it's just as important, if not more important, that you keep your CRM leads clean. I always validate them on the way in. GHL makes this really easy because there's a a checkbox that you can check for first email sent. It'll validate that email. Now, if you're using GHL as a CRM, keeping your list valid is actually really easy. However, if you're using another CRM like Active Campaign, Million Verifier also has a partner site called EverClean. So, if you go to cleaning type and then Everclean, you can actually link your CRM. In fact, this works with most CRM to to keep the list clean on autopilot. Every x amount of days, it'll go through and just make sure that your list is in fact valid. Really important thing to turn on, and this is a a great price. We actually use it for my PR firm when we were with Active Campaign. So, definitely something that I recommend you guys do. All right, now let's talk about something that's relatively new in the cold email space, but I think is a massive missed opportunity for those not using it. We're using it for all of our campaigns now, and it's dramatically increased our results, probably 200 to 300% better, and that's lead qualification. Now, this used to be really difficult because doing this in bulk would be a fortune and AI wasn't quite there. But now with new tools, this is actually really easy to do at scale. So, I'm going to tell you exactly how to do it and then show you all the tools to implement this quickly. So, what is lead qualification? Well, it's making sure that the people you're emailing are actually a good fit for your offer. We already kind of went through Apollo and showed you that not all of the people on that list that I created with filters are in fact the right fit for my offer. In fact, most B2B databases have that problem. Even someone like myself who's pretty talented and spends some time in that list refining it, doing keyword exclusions, probably three out of 10 of the people are still not going to be a good fit for my offer. And it sucks. And there's not much to do about it except this. And that's using AI to review each lead and company and decide using a prompt if they're in fact going to be a good fit. So say you're getting five out of 10 people on your list who are actually a good fit. It's the right company, the right industry, and everything else is correct, and five of them just is aren't relevant. Imagine if you can eliminate that 50% of your list that's not a perfect fit, and only keep the 50% that is. What do you think's going to happen to the reply rates on that campaign? They skyrocket. They two or 3x pretty much immediately. Now, yes, you have a shrinking list size, but that's generally okay. That's a good thing, especially if you have a large TAM. Remember, the goal here is to eliminate leads who are a bad fit. This will increase reply rates. It'll decrease your spam complaints. It'll make you look really good. It'll make your team happy because you're not getting f you, remove me, unsubscribe me. This isn't relevant. It's honestly a massive hack, especially if you're doing cold email as a service because now your results are so inflated because you're only emailing the right people. So, let's talk about the drawbacks cuz it sounds too good to be true, right? If you want to start using this in your cold email campaigns, you need to anticipate scraping two times more data because you're going to be refining that list using this qualification process. So, you spend more on data collection and then you spend additional money actually using AI to to qualify these leads. You're also likely going to need a subscription to some sort of software like Clay that does this for you. Now, I have a lead qualification prompt here that I use and I'm going to give this to you. that's going to be in the resources that you can download for free in the free school community. But let me go ahead and read the prompt and then just kind of talk through my reasoning. So, here's the prompt. You're an expert sales assistant. Your goal is to review information about the following lead and their company and then decide if they're a good fit for me to sell to. Use your knowledge of their industry and company information to decide if they have use for my offer or if their business model traditionally uses solutions like mine. Here's my offer. I help X with Y. Insert your offer. Here's information about the lead's company. and then in insert the information about the lead's company. Now, you should have at least their company description, their industry, their job title, and if you're using something like Clay, I'm going to show you how to how to do this later on, but you can actually say to go scrape their website and LinkedIn and decide if they're a good fit. Okay. Finally, output yes or no. Do not include any explanations or introductions. Only one word in plain text with no additional words or characters. Now, this AI agent is going to go through each lead and actually decide if they're a good fit for you or not. Expect this to remove 30 to 50% of the leads that you put into your list. That's a good thing. Okay, so here's my recommended workflow for qualification. You're going to use a Caggent to research and qualify leads as part of the automated list building workflow. I'm going to be giving you all of that here. This step here is actually the qualification step. So, you'll see a bunch that say bad fit. Those do not proceed. We do not email those people. There are other ways to do this using tools like sheet magic and Google sheets and just using the company description, but it's much better with clay because of the ability to go search the internet. You can also use sheet magic or instantly AI has their own built-in AI AI service that I alluded to earlier with those templates and that is a lowerc cost alternative cuz you don't have to pay for the clay fees. You still always have to pay for the open AI fees but those are really very low. The drawback with any of these tools is that they don't have the ability to go do research on the internet whereas the Claggent does. The pros of doing this, you increase the positive reply rates literally by like 200 or 300x 20 to 30%. It decreases the spam complaints. It decreases the negative responses and the cons I already reviewed. Let's be honest, your offer probably sucks. But if you sell something that's boring, competitive, or a commodity, today's your lucky day, cuz I'm going to show you how to transform any lame, oversaturated offer into a sexy, clickbait offer that would make even Alex from Mosie Proud. His book is back here somewhere. And you don't even need to change your offer. You just need to use this one little trick that I've been doing for years. And this won't just change the game for your cold emailing. It's going to transform all of your marketing. All right, creating the perfect offer for cold email. How to create great offers that make people actually excited to respond. Love this meme from Karate Kid. Thought it was boring. Turns out it was the fundamentals. Essentially, the fundamentals always win. Now, this isn't the sexy part. We're going to get to the sexy part. But you need to know exactly who you serve. You need to understand their actual problems, their wants, their needs. If you don't, there's no way that you're going to make this work even with my tricks. Then once you fully understand them, you need to offer something that actually fits those wants and needs. And don't just guess, you have to know. And if you don't know, ask. Finally, you have to make it clear and simple to understand. If it doesn't at least meet those specifications, it solves a problem and it's clear and simple to understand, then no one can help you. So, let's start with understanding your prospect. You need to understand that they're not looking for you. You're cold emailing them. This isn't a Google search ad where they're searching for a solution and they click on your link. They are unaware. They're not hunting to solve a problem and they're not hunting for you. And remember, even if they're a good fit for your offer, maybe you're emailing me as an example to sell me some sort of cold email software. Yes, I am a good fit for that offer, but I probably don't need that thing right now or I'm probably using some other solution. You should also understand that your cold email prospects are usually pre-qualified. You're doing that when you're building the list with the filters in Apollo. How many employees do they have? How long have they been in business? And the goal is to get them to raise their hand, just to opt in and say, "Yes, I am a good fit for that. I am in the market for that. Give me more information." The goal is not to get them to buy from your first cold email. And if you make that your goal, you're going to fail. So, with that being said, let's talk about some offer killers. These things will destroy your offer and nobody's going to respond. If your offer is super boring, doesn't spark any excitement, they've seen it a million times. If it's competitive, it's the same as everybody else in your space, and there's nothing differentiating you. If your offer is absurd, using insane guarantees without any credibility, this is when people are saying, "I'm going to generate six figures of revenue for you or close 20 deals in the next 30 days or I'll give you 150% of your money back." But they don't have any social proof, any credibility, or any mechanism to go along with that. Instant spam box. Lastly, if it's complex, if you're cold emailing me to sell me something and I can't understand what it is, there's no way that I'm going to take the time to try and understand it. I'm almost definitely going to mark you as spam or archive it. If you have a great offer, something that's proven, you know, this is something people want, they've receptive to it, then you don't need to be fancy. If it solves the actual problem, it's unique, and you're the only one selling it, which means it's a blue ocean, then everything becomes much easier. So trying to figure out how to create an offer like that, like the one you see on our right, that's actually my offer. Nobody else is doing that. And if you have an offer like that, you can avoid being fancy. You can focus on their problem and your unique solution. And you don't need lead magnets or any way to trick them into a reply. So the best solution is a great offer. Now, I'm understand that that's not always possible, and that's where the tricks come in. Now, here's where most of you probably stand, and this is by far the most common situation, is your offer is both boring and competitive. If this is you, your goal is one thing. Get your foot in the door. So to effectively do this, you need to understand your prospect first. That's why we started with the fundamentals. And then you need to ask yourself, okay, I sell SEO services, but what in my SEO services does the prospect actually want? Is it backlinks? Is it guaranteed rankings? Maybe it's to train AI that they're the number one in their field. Think think about all the things that you do under the umbrella of your service and then break them down into bullet points and say, "Okay, which of these is the most desirable that nobody else is really focusing on?" So, as an example here, say you offer SEO services, super boring, super competitive, and you know that your prospects really want a backlink from Forbes or at least it's sexy and you think that's going to get a lot of excitement cuz people have responded to that really well in the past. So, you can offer that as a front-end offer. The front-end offer is your foot in the door. That's the thing that people really want. And a lot of times, it's a one-time thing, which obviously isn't the game plan. You don't just want to sell somebody on a,000 bucks one time. You want them on a retainer. But once you get your foot in the door with that front-end offer, then you can upsell what you really want to sell them, which is your monthly SEO services. So, the name of the game is get the door open, you earn their trust, you knock it out of the park for them, and then you sell your core offer. Now, here's some specific strategies if you have one of those boring, competitive, tough offers. The first is a loss leader. So, this is something that you can sell basically at cost, something they really want, and something that they think is expensive, and you sell it for a shockingly low price. Let's take my $97 done for you cold email setup offer as an example. This is something that I use as a front-end offer for ads to get somebody in the door. Now, I don't make pretty much any money on that, but all of the back-end stuff that I get from people who sign up, they join my program, they buy my high ticket, they use my mailbox infrastructure, all of those upsells and cross-ells pay for the cost of running this cheap front-end offer. If we're using the Forbes example from earlier, maybe that cost you $1,000 and maybe they think it's going to cost $6,000. Well, if you can sell it to them for $1,000, chances are they're going to buy it. And if they've been in the market and they know understand SEO and backlinks, then they're going to say, "Holy crap, how can you get that for $1,000? I'll definitely buy that." You don't make any money on that first sale, but it helps you build trust. And then once you knock it out of the park for them, they're almost definitely going to at least trust you enough to do a sales call and explore retainer SEO services. So, that's a loss leader. The second strategy you can use is called a Trojan horse. Now, if you're familiar with a Trojan horse, this is a war technique that was used back in the Troy days. And the soldiers basically gave them a big wooden horse as an offering to the gods. Little did the people of Troy know that all of the soldiers were in the horse and when they let them inside of the gates, the soldiers came out and took over the city. So essentially what we're doing here, we're getting in the door under questionable pretenses. This is where you're framing the pitch not as you're trying to sell them something cuz trying to sell them something like SEO services is typically not going to work. People aren't receptive to that. People get defense mode immediately. However, if you frame the offer not as a sales pitch, but as something else, maybe it's a partnership, maybe some sort of partnership or referral agreement, anything that's not a sales email is going to increase the reply rates and find somebody who's interested in talking to you. One great example of this is one of our top performing campaigns for our PR agency. Instead of emailing companies as a PR firm saying, "We're going to help them get media coverage," we email them under the pretense that we're a journalist and we'd love to write about their story. Now, they're much more open to speaking to a journalist about covering their their story and their success rather than a PR agency that wants to sell them. So, there's a lot of examples of this that you can get creative and think about. The question you need to ask is, how can I get in the door under a questionable pretense where we're not saying that this is a sales pitch right away? And then we have a smooth transition to it being sales. And this works really, really well if you're able to get creative. And finally, the last thing that you can use is lead magnets. And I'm going to be walking through this in depth in its own module and we're going to be covering how to create lead magnets and reverse lead magnets and the new ones that I'm using now that are unbelievably effective. We'll talk more about that later. Just know that that's strategy number three. Now, if you're new and you don't know what to sell, you don't have an offer yet, then so far this probably hasn't been too helpful for you. So, I'm just going to talk to you for a second. If you're creating an offer for the first time, and a lot of this is easier said than done, just make sure that you're spending a lot of time on this because the better that your offer is, the easier everything is going to be for you in business. The easier it's going to be to get lead generation to work, the easier the sale is going to be, the easier the delivery is going to be. It's it's all going to be much easier. So, spend a lot of time and resources on the offer and figuring this out and doing it right. Don't be lazy here. So, some bullet points that I want to share with you. sell something unique to customers that other people are ignoring that have money. So, you don't just want to be another SEO service or another PR agency. You want to find some way to differentiate yourself. And I can't tell you what that is because if I could, I'd just be an offer spitting machine and I'm not. And then sell to customers that others are ignoring. Just make sure that they have money. So, for example, we already talked about list building and who are the people who are most abused by cold email? Agency owners, doctors, lawyers, the people that you assume have money. Find a segment that has money that other people are ignoring. Now, if you have a pretty generic skill set, maybe it's running ads, maybe it's SEO, maybe it's cold email, you can still take that and reposition it into something unique. For example, if it's SEO, maybe instead of, you know, we we'll rank you on Google, which is what everybody else does, maybe we'll rank you on large language models. So, we're going to train chat GPT or Claude to say that you're the number one in your industry. It can take 6 to 12 months, no guarantee. It's still unique. Nobody else is selling that. A good example, if your skill set is cold email and that's what you're really good at, instead of doing lead generation services for somebody, which everybody is doing, instead you can set up influencer outreach machines for ecom companies that still uses cold email. You're using the same skills that you're learning here. You're just repositioning it in a way that's much more attractive that companies are going to be more receptive to. Another link here I'd like to share if you want to dive a little bit deeper into creating an offer, how to outperform 99% of your competition, my blue ocean strategy. I'm going to link that in the resources for you as well. So, if you want to dig a little bit deeper, I definitely recommend checking out this this this specific video. Lead magnets died in 2023. Free PDFs and videos have been replaced with what I now call reverse lead magnets. And I'm now using RLMs to generate 250 leads every month for the hardest offer to possibly sell by cold email. But I need to warn you, this strategy is not for you if you're either lazy or uncreative. Today, I'm going to walk you through different types of lead magnets, and show you how to use reverse lead magnets to 5x your cold email replies, lead magnets that actually work, how to use lead magnets the right way to supercharge your campaigns or sell your boring offers. So, what is a lead magnet? Lead magnets are going to be a resource, a mini service, a free trial, something that's related to your core offer, but they don't solve the whole problem. They just solve a part of the problem for your lead. Now, in order to make them work, they should be good enough that somebody would actually pay for it. And as a general rule, this is really important to keep in mind as you're trying to decide why your lead magnet's not working, that the more time the lead thinks you spent on them personally, the more valuable they're going to perceive that lead magnet is, and the more time that they have to spend implementing the lead magnet, you know, reading a PDF, watching a video, the less valuable that lead magnet becomes. Great lead magnets can unlock 10% reply rates and bad lead magnets can completely kill your campaign. So, let's talk about when to use lead magnets. Not everybody needs them and especially not in every campaign. You should consider using lead magnets if one you have a highly competitive offer or an offer that's a commodity. And by the way, for those that are new to business, a commodity is something where you're really just competing on price and the service itself is relatively the same. talking about something like SEO or paid ads. These are highly competitive offers. And a commodity offer is more something like health insurance or a real estate broker. Lead magnets also work really well if you're selling more to smaller businesses as bigger companies don't really want to consume your PDF or watch your video. They just want the problem solved quickly. And your lead magnet will tend to perform worse the higher up market you go. You should consider trying this, especially if you've tried my other copywriting frameworks and it still doesn't seem to work, but you need to use a really high quality lead magnet. And you should really only be using these if you can actually solve a problem for your lead that they actually want with your lead magnet or your mini service. Now, I like to kind of break down lead magnets into tiers of quality. Tier three lead magnets you should totally avoid. Tier 2's maybe. Tier ones you you should definitely try. And then there's reverse lead magnets. the new way to do this and I'm going to be walking you through that. Tier three lead magnets are things like generic templates, videos, case studies, white papers. These are unpersonalized resources that can take the lead a lot of time to consume and implement, therefore have low perceived value. There's some exceptions here like AI prompts can be a really good lead magnet as a template. Uh NADN blueprints, automation blueprints, those can be really good lead magnets. So there's always exceptions. Tier 2 lead magnets are things like mini courses, free trials, and usable data. I would almost consider the affforementioned mentions like the N8N blueprints or the AI prompts as usable data. Some other examples of usable data is lead data. So, one of my most powerful lead magnets is I will give you 8 million leads for free. I still use it, still works really well. If you go on my site, you should be able to see it and redeem that. And if not, it's going to be linked down below as well, just so you can see what a lead magnet looks like. And then tier one lead magnets, ones that are actually good. Typically giving a full course, like free access to my school community where I also have all of my other lead magnets for you. So now I'm lead magnet stacking. You're almost guaranteed to opt in by the end of this video because one, you want all of those resources that I'm putting together for you, the spark notes to this, all of the different free services and links and resources. It's all in my free course. So I'm stacking lead magnets to get you opted in. Some other examples are a free software license or a sample of your service. Actually being able to do something for somebody. And remember, the more time that it requires of the lead, the less valuable it is. And the way to present these old school lead magnets, I'm going to call these V1 lead magnets, is typically you'll say, you know, want me to send over the PDF? Do you want me to send over the white paper? Want me to send over the data? They'll say yes. You send them the lead magnet. I've actually got a couple really powerful lead magnet videos that I'm going to be linking for you, but specifically I want you to watch the perceived value magnet video. This is a little bit more advanced and that's what I'm going to be talking about here. So, I now call them reverse lead magnets and this really leverages AI automation, some of the more advanced stuff we're going to be learning later to deliver custom lead magnets at scale. So, remember version one lead magnets are templated. You make them once and then you can send it to thousands of people. version two lead magnets, reverse lead magnets, they're customized for each person. You're able to do this at scale using AI automation. Now, the way that I discovered that this works so well, and I think I'm I think I invented this. I don't think anybody else has done this before me, reverse lead magnets, trademark, lead genen, J. But the way that I discovered it was a an effective strategy that other people were using. They called it the Loom video strategy. Cool. If I record you a Loom and send it over. That was the call to action. It doesn't really work so much anymore. and then they'd say yes, sure. And then you'd have to actually take the time to make the Loom video and send it to them, which doesn't really scale very well. And if you use AI to make videos for you, it's it's still not really there. People can tell, then you lose the sale. But I got to thinking, why did that strategy work so well? And it was because the prospect that you're emailing thinks that you're taking the time to make them a onetoone customized video, which increased the perceived value of that lead magnet. So, how could you take that same principle and do it at scale? And this is what I came up with. Instead of saying, "Cool, if I send you this PDF," instead, you're going to make them think that you are spending as much time and effort as possible to put this together for them. They think you spent more time, the perceived value goes up. So, the way that you present these is, hey, I'd like to spend some time researching and putting this thing together for you. Is that okay? And the response to these has been astronomical. It's been unbelievable. It's been the only way that I've been able to crack 2 or 3% reply rates while selling cold email services, which is historically the hardest thing to possibly sell with cold email. Now, I do want to advise a word of caution. This is a little bit more advanced and it does require some technical skills and knowledge of AI automation, which I'm going to be showing you and sharing how to get some of these templates. And for those of you nerds that really want to learn how to do this and get the blueprints, this is the workflow that generates that reverse lead magnet and sends it back to them inside of Instantly AI. And I'm going to be showing you how to get these templates. I'm in the process of transferring this whole thing into NADM. I've been doing this for a while before NADM was really a thing. So just a quick honorable mention here. This is a platform that you can use to design ebooks at scale for just about any industry and it's really easy to do and implement and it's almost unbelievably cheap. So, there's going to be a link down in the description to sign up for this thing. You can get in at $27 onetime payment. This is literally a onetime fee and make pretty much unlimited ebooks. And they're long good ebooks, too. Look at this recent one that we used. We obviously stopped using this when we started using reverse lead magnets. But if you don't have anything, this is a great place to start. And you can do them at scale. So, as an offer potentially. So, link is going to be down in the description to sign up for this. uh it is the best AI lead magnet generator that I've used. So if you don't have any lead magnet and you want to try an ebook, this is the platform that you should consider using. Okay, next we're going to start talking about probably the longest module of this entire master class and that is cold email copywriting secrets. How to actually write copy that converts. This is probably the hardest thing to get right when you're launching a cold email campaign cuz there's so many elements, so many things that you can get wrong. So I'm excited to break this thing down for you. I'll see you in just a second. So, I've been writing cold emails for more than 10 years. And I've wrote cold email sequences to sell cows, gold bars, and even dirty maid services. But through trial and error, I've seen hundreds of campaigns make my clients filthy rich, and hundreds more that were met with nothing but the middle finger. This is everything I know about cold email copywriting and what actually works right now. And if 25-year-old Jay could see the copy that we're sending now, he would literally squirt soap in his eyeballs. This is cold email copywriting secrets. How to write cold emails that reach the inbox every time and actually get positive replies. And to prove to you that you're learning from the right person. There's an award right there from Instantly saying that I am one of the best at getting positive replies. And here's a couple campaigns from my own workspace all getting at least 2% many of these getting 5 to 20% reply rates. I know how to do this. Nobody else in the game is as consistent at getting reply rates as this guy right here. Now, if you think you know copywriting and you're a copywriting pro and you're getting all cocky right now, you should know that this is not normal copywriting. Using the wrong word doesn't just lose the sale. It ends you in the spam box. And unlike copywriting in an email or copywriting on a landing page, your goal really isn't to sell. Your goal is to identify if your lead has a problem that you can solve. And remember, they don't know you, they don't trust you, and they're not looking for your solution. So, you need to be very aware of all of those things as you're crafting your copy. Now, your overall goal here, just think about this as you're writing any of these emails, is it should sound like an email to a friend and not like a sales pitch. Let's talk about my signature triple tap. This is the way that I want you to think about every cold email that you send. I want you to split it into three separate pieces, three actions that your lead needs to take in order for you to get a positive reply. You should split it into these chunks as you're evaluating, writing, and criticizing your cold email copy. Now, there's three actions that you need your prospect to take. The first is they need to open the email. To get the open, this is really done in the preview text of that email. So, let me show you what an email looks like. Here's an email in my inbox, actually meing somebody for pirating my course. So, this is an email in my inbox. And you can see a couple of things here. You can see the sender name, DMCAF offenses. You can see the subject of that email. That's the text in bold. And then you can see the first sentence of this email. This is all somebody sees before they make the conscious decision to open that email, to report it as spam, or to put it in the trash can. That means you've only got really two things under your control that are going to determine whether or not they open that email, which is the subject line and the first sentence, which we can refer to as the preview text. This is the preview of the email. If you want to improve your open rates, you need to change your preview text. Now, unfortunately, the way cold email is right now, we're not tracking open rates and and I recommend that you leave open tracking off. So, it's really hard to tell if you're getting good open rates. So, we use a proxy for open rates, which is the reply rate. So, if we get higher reply rates, we likely have high open rates. We take our best guess at preview text that we think is going to convert and then we test it against each other in AB tests to see which has the higher reply rate. If it has a higher reply rate, it probably has a higher open rate. The second action that your lead must take is they must read the email. You'll have only moments, seconds to catch their attention and build trust before they trash your email or report you as spam. If you confuse them, if you come in too hardelling, if your email is too long, if it's confusing, if you use absurd guarantees, if you're offensive, then chances are they're going to report you as spam or trash that email. It needs to be short and you need to accomplish a few different things in that second step with them reading the email. We're going to get to these in detail in just a second. The third step is they must take some sort of action. This is the CTA. And I'm going to show you how to optimize your CTA. So, by breaking it into these chunks, now you can test the different chunks to see how it affects your reply rate and specifically your opportunity rate. And for those of you that have also seen and love Zombie Land, I think they call it the double tap, but this is the triple tap. All right, the first tap is getting the open. This all happens in the preview text. Just like I mentioned, we use reply rate as a proxy for open rate. So, I'm going to show you how to set this up with the testing so that you know which preview text converts the best. And you should know that the preview text, your goal isn't just to get opens. I can send you an email and say, "Your house is on fire." Or, "I've taken your mother." Chances are you're going to open that email, but then once you open it, you're going to say, "Hey, you want to buy my thing?" They're going to report you as spam probably 100% of the time. So, you need to keep that in mind. You need to be delicate with what you choose for your preview text. It can't be too bait and switchy because if it is, you're going to get reported as spam and that's something you absolutely want to avoid. So, it should be related to the content of the email, but never signal the cell. What do I mean by signal the sale? Before I open your email, I should not know that you're about to sell me something. If I do know that you're about to sell me something, I immediately trash it or report it as spam because I don't want to be pitched by email. That doesn't mean cold emails don't work on me. they do, but the ones that work get the open first. And for the preview text, the goal is really for the email to sound like it could be from a client, it could be from a vendor. You really don't know until you open the email, but you have to open the email. It's also a fun little hack that you should definitely test. And that's questions get opens. Our human nature is to answer questions. If someone asks you something, you instinctively want to answer it. So, you can use that principle when you're writing subject lines and first sentences of your email. If it asks a question, chances are that person's going to open it out of curiosity to respond to it. It's actually one of the oldest subject lines ever in the cold email world. It was just question and then your name and a question mark. So, it' be like question Jay. And it got unbelievable open rates. Now, it no longer works for people who are used to getting cold emails, but it's still a pretty good one to test against because chances are it could still be better than some of the stuff you're testing. Here's examples of what preview text looks like and some good examples. So, subject line. If I'm trying to sell cold email services, I don't just want to come out and say, "Hey, you need help with cold email?" It's a question, but you can immediately tell I'm about to sell you something. So, instead, you might want to say, "Sending cold emails, question mark." That makes them think, hm, they could be selling me something or maybe someone at our company is sending cold emails that I should be aware of. So, that could be coming from a vendor, it could be coming from a partner, and I'd be curious enough to open that email. And then the first sentence could be something like, "Not sure if you're sending these or not. Jay, mind checking?" Again, peing their curiosity, working with the subject line to make them think, hm, maybe someone at our company, maybe it's me sending cold emails. I got to look into this and see what's happening. Boom. They open it. And now I can try and get them to take the second action, which is to read the email. Another example, is this you on Google? Just came across this on Google. Can you confirm this is you or not? This would be for like an SEO agency and maybe you pulled their SER results and have a link to their site and when they open the email it's, "Yeah, I just found you. It looks like you're ranked eighth. Here's your website. Uh, any interest in like moving on that up that rank? I can give you some recommendations." That way, we've baited the open. So, is this you on Google? Yeah. Hell yeah. I want to open that email. Now, you've got them reading so that they're able to take action two and three. Remember, they they can't read and they can't respond if they never open. So get creative here and make sure that you're not bait and switching completely different things. If you're using something like this to get opens, then just make sure that the content of that email is related to the subject line. So if you're selling cold email services, this is a good one. If you're selling SEO services, this is a good example. Okay, tap number two is getting them to actually read the email. This happens in the email body. It's what you're actually saying after that preview text. The goal here, keep it short, keep it punchy, use middle school language, and in the body of the email, you really want to accomplish two things. You want to call out their problem and how you solve it, the exact mechanism. And you need to build trust and credibility in an authentic way that's not braggadocious. And you can do this in as little as two or three sentences. Believe me, there's a lot of really creative ways to do this. But those two things are by far the most important. They need to know why you're emailing them, how you can help, and they need to trust you. And I'll show you some examples of how you can do this. But it really comes down to knowing your audience and then personalizing the problem and the social proof. And I'll show you what I mean by that as well. But if you understand your audience now, you understand their pain points, their problems, and you probably understand the solutions that they've tried that they're fed up with, or maybe the existing solutions that they're using to solve a problem that are now outdated. The better you understand them, the better you can drive the dagger, which means really kind of call out their pain point and make them feel it. So, here's some examples of email bodies. I'm actually running the outbound marketing for Lead Genj J. After seeing their pretty crazy success, I was hoping I could do the same for you. Here's an article that USA Today wrote about my methods. So, social proof there. Well-known competitor that maybe they're familiar with some credibility and you're kind of calling out their problem. You're at least calling out the solution. The problem is obvious, needing more leads. So, it doesn't have to be like specific like, "Oh, you need more leads. Here's how I can help and here's social proof." You can get creative with how you present this and that's where the AB testing really comes into play. Second part, if you already have more qualified calls than you can handle, ignore me. But if you're interested in building an outbound machine, I'd love to show you the strategy. So remember, as you're evaluating the body of your email, does it address their problem and solution? And does it establish some trust and credibility? Now, what do I mean by personalizing the trust and the credibility and the problem solution? Well, the problem solution is pretty obvious. It's what specifically do they deal with in their business that's an issue. And if you understand your audience, you understand what they're going through on a day-to-day basis in their company. I'm emailing cold email agencies, for example. I know them really well. I know the software struggles that they have. I know the infrastructure and deliverability struggles. I know the problems with retaining clients. I understand that demographic really, really well. So, I can speak directly to them in a really targeted way. Now, if I'm emailing cold email agencies, as an example, trying to sell them some solution, what kind of social proof do you think is going to resonate with them? It's probably going to be some of the biggest cold email agencies that I've helped and how I've helped them. So, I would namerop those cold email agencies and the specific results that I got for them and what they had to say and what that transformation was. And if they know of that competitor or of that big name, then it's going to go a lot further than some random company that I've helped that's in a totally separate industry. Okay. Okay, the third tap, getting them to take action. This is your CTA, your call to action. Your goal here is to get them to reply with a single word. Don't send any links. Don't try and get them to click. And don't make them have to think. That word that they should reply with is usually just going to be yes or sure or send it. The goal is, can they read it and reply with one hand in under a minute? If they can, it passes the test and it's a good CTA. Quick example, would it be cool if I send over the strategy? Person just says yes. Cool. Now you've got a lead that's raised their hand and said, "You know what? I'm receptive. I'm interested. I guess I do have this problem and I'm interested in hearing what your solution is." That's all your goal is with that cold email. Get them to raise their hand. If you can do that, the rest of it is just sales. All right. Some golden rules to follow for your copywriting. You want to keep it short, six sentences max. You want to keep it to a sixth grade reading level. If you confuse your prospect, you lose your prospect. You can use AI to simplify your language as well. So, if you're having a hard time conveying a point, just use Claude. Open up Claude, ask it to simplify it. Sixth grade reading level, let them know that they're writing cold email copy, and it'll actually do a really good job. Now, let's talk about tonality. Sometimes humor works really well. Sometimes being really stern and professional works well. Your tone should match the profile of your ICP. So, if I'm emailing a cold email agency owner, I know what that person probably looks like. I know their gender. I know their age. I know where they probably live. probably some 20some living in Miami or 30some living in Miami and I know the tone that I should probably take with it. If I'm too bubbly or feminine with my tonality, it's probably not going to go off so well. I might actually try and use humor with that person since they're younger, they're a little bit more carefree, I think it'll work versus if I'm emailing like a fashion or a cosmetics owner, that's probably going to be a more feminine cold email. I want to be really delicate. I want to use more feminine language. And then if you're emailing a car dealership owner, like that's a 50s to60s sales guy and you don't want to be humorous with him. You want to be you want to use sales language. You speak so that they can understand you. And if you tell AI to adjust your tonality to fit a profile, it'll be able to help you out really well. Other copywriting dues, low resistance CTA. We just talked about that. You want to establish credibility. Now, you're probably thinking if especially if you're just getting started, man, I don't have any case studies. I don't have any testimonials. I haven't really helped anyone in that industry. There's a lot of other stuff that you can use. You can use your social media following. You can drop a YouTube video to something that you've made. You can use a media coverage that you've received. And by the way, if you want some free media coverage, it's going to be available to you also in those resources if you join the free school. I run a PR company. I'm able to do that for you as a perk of watching this far. So, there's lots of ways for you to establish credibility, but the best thing is a case study from someone in your industry and ideally a name that they recognize. And it might be worth you doing some free services to get that anchor case study. Lastly, make sure that you're specific about the problem and solution. Nothing I hate more than seeing a cold email campaign is, "Hey, I'll get you a 100red leads in the next 30 days or you get your money back." Well, you're not emailing a dummy. I understand marketing and maybe you can, but how? it's not even worth my time to respond because if you were a good marketer, you would tell me your mechanism. So, if you're going to make a claim like that, make sure you have a mechanism and hopefully it's a unique one. Copywriting don'ts. Avoid doing these things in your cold email copy. Don't overpromise. By overpromising, people see right through you and you immediately go to spam. Don't be vague about what you do or how you do it. If you're making a claim, explain how you get that done. Don't confuse the lead. If what you do is complicated, try and find a way to uncomplicate it. have some kind of front-end offer and then do that front-end offer so that you can get them on the phone and actually explain what it is that you do. Never bait and switch. By bait and switch, I mean tell them one thing and then get them on a call and tell them another thing or say something in a subject line and then in the body of the email say something totally different. This is a recipe to go to spam and you just don't want to deal with it. And then always avoid promotional and salesy language. All right, let's talk about personalization. This is using variables in your cold email that are personalized to that person. Like your first name, using hey Jay in a cold email. That's personalization, my company name, my city. All of those things are personalization. Some of it is good. Some of it you should always use. Some of it you should never use. And then there's more advanced tactics that we're going to be going over in the advanced section to to really take this to the next level. So, a couple notes here. More is not always better. In fact, the more personalization that you use, the higher the chances that one of those things is wrong or signals that it's a cold email. A perfect example of that is using the company name and it's got LLC or corp at the end of it. It's not a conversational way to talk about that company name or maybe it's in all caps for whatever reason. If somebody sees that, it's an immediate signal that they're being cold emailed. Someone did not write this email directly to them and it will kill your campaign results. Now, the one personalization you should always use is the first name. Tried and true. Works like crazy. And the rest of it you can experiment with. Definitely a word of caution against using company names and locations cuz these can make it sound like a cold email and the locations are often wrong and just doesn't sound normal. People don't usually say the location for the person they're emailing. And be very, very careful. AI personalization can kill your campaigns and make people really mean if you do it wrong. And most people do it wrong. I would say for 95% of the people using AI personalization, it's hurting you rather than helping you. A little bit later on, I'm going to show you the right way to do it. Let's talk about spin tax briefly. This is a formatting that randomly shuffles words and phrases in every email. It is now mandatory. This is not optional. If you're sending cold emails, you must have spin tax. And there's really no excuse not to at this point. Spinax improves deliverability because these email service providers are looking for repeat phrases and repeat emails. and then if it sees them, it knows it's a cold email and it blocks that copy. So the more spinax you have, the better and it prevents the ESPs from flagging your copy. So let's actually go into instantly and show you what spinex is and then I'm going to show you how to generate it easily so you don't have to worry or even think about about how to do it or programming in this language. Let's go into instantly AI. I'm going to open up one of my campaigns sequences. So the spin tax here is what you see here between these brackets. Now, this might look complicated and like, I don't know what this is or how to do it. Good news is you don't really need to know how to do it. All you need to know is all of the spin tags for a certain variable are between the brackets. This is one word that it's going to randomize. It'll say hi, hello, or hey at random. These lines in between words are the separators between the words you want to shuffle through. So, if I wanted to write my own spinex, I would just do double brackets and I would say random and then vertical line. What's up? Vertical line. How you doing? Vertical line. Or maybe I just want to shuffle through two. And then I can close that spin tax here. It's really important that you preview this so you see what it looks like. A lot of times you will screw up the formatting of this or you will use words and phrases that actually don't make sense when they are combined with one another. So you need to make sure to preview this. And this preview shows you that your spin tax is correct because you don't see any brackets here. It actually read the spin tax correctly. Now, what you don't see here is all the variations and possibilities for what could happen. So, what I would recommend you do is copy all of your spin tax. And don't worry, in a second, I'm going to show you how to generate this really easily. And then come into an AI platform and say, "Show me all possible variations of this email." And then just copy in that full email. It understands that it's spinax and it's going to show me all the possible variations. Can't tell you how many times people will use a lot of spin tax or use AI to generate the spin tax. And one or two of the variations just don't make sense when combined with each other. So, this will show you what the variations actually look like. And then you can decide whether or not you want to use it. Let's delete my version here. I'm going to save. Come into one of these old ones. Now, Instantly has built-in tools here to help you generate spin tax if you don't already have it. So, if you come on down to AI tools at the bottom here, they've got a couple really helpful copywriting tools. One is the AI spin tax writer, it's just going to read your email and it's going to generate spin tax based on what you put in there. Now, just note this is their AI prompt. You can do this yourself in Chat GPT or Claude. This is just trusting that they have the right answer. They have the right AI prompt and it's going to give you good results. The problem is some of these don't sound correct. Maybe this one does, but you really have to check all the variations to make sure that they chose good words and phrases. The other thing you have to be careful about is whether it chose words that could be flagged as spam. So, when you're writing your cold email copy, you want to avoid using certain words. We're going to talk about that in a second. But if I come into AI tools, you also want to make sure that their spin tax generator isn't generating words that could be flagged as spam. So, they've got a really good spam words checker tool. Definitely recommend that you use that. And within that tool, you can highlight and replace the words that could be flagged as spam. They make it really simple to to write copy and make sure that your copy is good from within this platform. What I would not do is use their AI sequence writer. It never gives you good results. You can use it as an experiment and split test against it, sure, but don't rely on it. I also have a SpinTax GPT that I've designed. It's got my prompts. It's got my list of words and phrases to avoid. It's going to be available to you in the resources section inside of my free community. So, let's chat about cold email sequences. This is the series of emails that you want your prospect to receive over the course of several days. Couple overview notes before we really go deep. The shorter the sequence, the more leads you can reach. If the sequence is longer, it ends up emailing less people but more often. If the sequence is shorter, you're able to reach out to more people over a shorter period of time. So, what does that mean? If you've got a giant total addressable market, you've got millions of people that you can reach out to, you might want to reach out to more people over a short period of time, you'll generate more leads that way. Shoot more arrows. More likely than not, one of those people is going to be a better fit rather than emailing the same person who's probably not a good fit cuz they didn't answer your first email a second and a third time. Important to note that email one is almost always the best performing email. Not always, but usually. And the more emails you send, the higher the likelihood that they're going to report you as spam, which is why now we typically stop after a three email sequence max. Last bullet point here, test, test, test. This is really where you want to AB test your butt off. And you should constantly be running AB tests on all of the different variations and ways to present your sequence. Okay, a little bit of a plug here, especially for copywriting. If you come to my website and you come into freebies, you can actually use my cold email AI writer for free. I program this thing myself based on a ton of trading data for sequences that have actually worked. It intakes your offer, your website, and it develops that sequence for you. You can use this once for free. Please don't abuse it and try and use multiple emails because I do pay quite a bit each time somebody runs this. But if you are a member of my insiders program, you can use this as many times as you want. It gives you a lot more information and you can use it for clients. So, if you're selling this as a service or you're launching multiple offers, it's a great opportunity to basically write the copy for you. The other thing that I really want to share with you because it's so useful is inside of my lead generation insiders. This is my paid community. I've got a lot of special copywriting consultations that I think are going to be really valuable. This stuff is hard and it's really specific. So, copy for an SEO offer versus copy for the offer where you sell cows. completely different strategies, completely different audience, and it would be impossible to run through every single one of them in this video. Video is long enough as it is. But in my paid program, people pay me for one-on-one consultations, and I do client copywriting examples where I'm actually writing the copy for various types of clients. And there's tons of examples in here of various different types of clients and different one-on- ons that I've done. People have paid me thousands of dollars for each of these one-on- ones where we're going through their specific challenges. So, just a soft pitch because I I think that's something that can really help you. If you're stuck on the copywriting stuff and you really want to get better at it, you need to go through those examples. And if you're doing this for clients, you need access to that cold email writing AI. I've tried every solution and GPT until I finally had to just sit down and train my own AI model and now it is bomb. It works like crazy. My team starts with it. We use it to set up cold email systems for people. It's awesome. All right, let's get back to cold email sequences. The most common scenario is the three email sequence. And this is primarily what we're using nowadays. Email one, we're using the triple tap preview text, body, CTA, and test like crazy. Lots of AB tests, and I'll show you how to do that once we get there. Email two is a simple nudge. And I'm going to show you some examples of that. And you're going to send it in the same thread as email one. And then email three, you can either send it in the same thread or a separate thread, but this is really where you want to dump the information on them. First two emails, you want to avoid the dumping. Email three, dump. Cuz they might be skeptical. They might want more information. Now's your chance. If you have a video explaining your service, if you've got special features that you think are valuable, if you've got case study links, now is the time to drop all of them inside of email 3. This is the general structure that I follow. Obviously, what you say in each of those emails, that's the nuance. The nuance is what changes. And then you're going to space them out somewhere between two and five days per email. As a general rule, if you do that, you should be good to go. Everything else is nuance and testing. There's no right answer for how long a sequence should be. I would say max three emails. You can do as little as one. Yeah, you can do as little as one email in an entire sequence. That way, you can just maximize how many people you're reaching out to. But I would recommend the minimum two, maximum three. And here's what one of those email sequences actually looks like. We've got email one that's doing exactly what I said. We've got email two which is just a bump. This is what it actually looks like. Just touching basic. If you had a chance to review my last email, let me know or can I pro provide some additional information. And then email three, less of a dump here, but normally I would recommend dumping. All right. So, when should you use the short email sequences? This is the one to two emails. You've got a large TAM, millions of people that could be good fits. you've got access to cheap lead data and you want to hit as many people as possible, which will give you honestly the best shot at booking the most meetings. This is good if you have fewer mailboxes, you're trying to run a lean system, or if you've got tons of lead data and you want to reach more leads faster. Extended sequences. This is the sequences that are four to seven emails. You should only consider using these if you've got a really small TAM. The other scenario where this is kind of okay is if you have a lot of social proof and you've got a lot of lead magnets. So each email they're receiving, they're actually enjoying receiving and they're different and they're providing some value and you have a way to opt out. If you're using extended sequences, each email should have some some form of new social proof and some new value or lead magnet. And you should be pulling at different pain levers. Different pain levers are, you know, money, speed, prestige, all the different things that could be triggering them to want to buy your thing. You should be testing them and see what resonates. You can also try and employ different sales strategies in different emails. For example, valued dropping. Here's why it's so valuable and stacking the benefits. You can try and resonate with the person you're emailing. Tell your story, how you came up with it. Maybe they'll find some common ground with you. You could try scarcity. I wouldn't, but you could say, you know, I'm only taking a few more clients. Uh, let me know by tomorrow if you want to get on board. It could work depending on who you're emailing. Just make sure if you're using an extended sequence that you're offering new value with every email. And make sure to stop the extended sequences if you see spam go up and reply rates go down. And remember, you'll monitor that in your deliverability testing automations. All right, now let's talk about one of my favorite things, which is split testing, also known as AB testing. Some important differentiators. There's a lot of things that you can test. You can test copy, you can test offers, you can test targeting. And if you test it all at once, it can get really confusing and hard to get accurate results. And the purpose of your AB testing is to get an answer to a question. Is subject line A better than subject line B? Is this industry better than that industry? And once you start overlapping too many tests, it's hard to get concrete answers cuz you get confounders, which are variables that you introduce that skew the results. So some simple rules to follow to do it correctly. Use campaigns to split test different audiences. This is like industries and company sizes. You'll have those in different campaigns. So each of these would essentially be a different industry or a different company size all using the same copy just a different audience segment. That way if one performs better than the other using the same copy now you know oh that industry performs better than that industry. And then you'll use the AB variations to test offers and copy. That's when you actually come into the sequence and you add variance. This is where you test different subject lines, different bodies, different CTAs, or even entire offers completely because it's all working off that same lead list. So, if you're doing AB testing here, it's all using the same lead list, which are pulled from essentially the same filters and variables. So, you get a pretty good idea of which of these is the most powerful offer or copy variation. Now, if you're just getting started and you're launching cold email for your first time and you're like, I've got a few different ideas for offers that I could use. I've got a few different lead magnets. Which one do I pick? Use cold email to figure it out. So, the first thing that you should split test is the offers and the lead magnets. Each of these variations can be an entirely different offer and lead magnet, and you'll get dramatic results. So, right now, you can see that I'm only testing like a subject line, a word here or there. So, we're getting really minuscule differences. But if you test entirely different offers against one another at the same time, you're going to get big differences in results. Now, my recommendation is do it with the same subject line and then the body of the email would be the entirely different offer or lead magnet. Just a note, cold email is a great way to test new offers and discover who your customer avatar is. Maybe you don't know the industry that's going to be most receptive to your offer. Well, clone your campaign 10 times and upload different industries to each campaign and let's see who bites. Here's how to split test the right way. You want to break your cold email up into those three parts. the triple tap. These are the three components that you're going to be testing against one another. And then you're going to test each of those chunks individually. You only change that one part. And when you're initially launching that test, say you want to test three variations of your subject line, three variations of the body of your email, and three variations of your CTA. Well, if you want to test three variations of each, then you need to test nine emails. So, when I'm split testing just my subject line here, I'm going to go into a dead campaign so I can not ruin what my team is doing. Perfect. So, here is the email copy itself. Now, if I want to split test the subject line of this email, I'm going to copy the body. I'm going to add variant. Paste the body here. And then the subject line here is company name on USA Today. I actually hate that they used company name there, but hopefully they're normalizing it using clay. I want to try a question like that. Now, this is three different subject lines that I'm testing against each other. The only thing I've changed is the subject line. So once I launch this and I start to see that, oh, the one with variation C is getting a much higher reply rate. I can infer that it's because it's getting a bigger open rate because remember the preview text determines open rate. So the only thing I'm changing here is the preview text. So if the reply rates are higher, it probably means that more people are reading it. So let's say I learned that this is my best performing subject line. And now I want to test the body of my email or the offer itself. Let's go ahead and copy this and do some additional variance. The only difference is now the preview text, the subject line, and the first sentence are staying the same. The only thing I'm doing differently is changing the body or the CTA. This way, if I'm getting a higher reply rate on D than C, I know that it's because of the changes I made here and not because I made any changes here. That is the right way to test. And you want to launch as many variations as you need to so that you're getting accurate results. And now that you know how to interpret them, you can launch tons of tests. Now, most people forget to split test emails two and three because honestly, they are less important. But split testing is so powerful that there is no reason not to split test emails two and three. And you should continue to split test, not just the subject lines and the bodies, but you can split test entire strategies. For example, in step three, so in variation A here, I'm using the existing thread. In variation B, I'm actually creating a new thread because I added a subject line. really simple test that you can launch that most people don't think to launch. There isn't an answer that one works better than the other. It really depends on the offer and who you're targeting. So, the only answer is test it and find out. Now, if you don't know how to interpret the results, then there is something that you can do that I kind of mentioned earlier here and you can come into options and actually give instantly the ability to set a winning metric and you would set that as the reply rate. Now, this isn't the optimal thing to do, and I'm going to show you why in just a second, but it is better than not testing at all or not knowing the right decision to make. The way that you should choose split test winners is you should come and look at the specific analytics and not just look at the reply rate. This is the reply rate here. It might be 2% across the board, but if you come over to opportunities, it might be completely different. Now, usually reply rate and opportunity rate will be in line with one another, but not always. That's why it's worth doing this manually. So, I've included a prompt here that you can also use to have AI write your split tests for you. But by the time this video is released, you can come into freebies and use my AI split test generator. Kind of just like the cold email writer, but trained on all of my prompts for generating the best possible split tests. It'll be much better than just using the prompt. But here is the prompt if you do feel like using it. You're an expert in cold email copywriting. Your goal is to help me craft variations of the following email to AB test. Please only test one element at a time. the preview text, subject line and first sentence, the body of the email, social proof and problem solution, and the CTA. Use various marketing and sales strategies in different variations, but never change the offer in any way. Now, output 30 variations of this email. 10 variations testing each of the three elements. Here is the original email. And that prompt itself will get you 90% of the way there. Okay. What you send is the most important factor for delivering a cold email. As I showed you earlier and demonstrated, the fastest way to go to spam is to say words that trigger a spam trap. So, how do you know which words to avoid? Well, there's tools that you can use, and you start to learn these intuitively over time. But if you're interested, there's a full list of spam trap words and phrases that you can avoid. It's going to be available to you in that giant resources document. And there's some additional tools that you can use that I typically reach for when I'm checking for these spam trap words. Now, I just use my AI models that you're also going to have access to in other resources. But some free things that you can use are the instantly AI. So, you can write your copy in here and then have instantly check it for you using their AI tools. That didn't used to work really well. Now, it tends to be okay. The tool that I used to recommend and it's free and it still works really well is Mail Meteor's spam checker. What is better is email guards spam checker. You'll need an email guard account and you can kind of come into content spam checker. It'll actually give you scores and it's got a more extensive list of words to avoid. Honestly, now that Instantly's got theirs built right in, I don't think you'll need to use anything else. And they also help you replacing those spam words. So, it doesn't get much easier than that. At at this point, I would say let's just use Instantly. All right, this is a sensitive topic, using unsubscribe links and opt- out triggers. So, 2024, the advice was you need to use them because it's the law and it increases deliverability. We quickly learned that that is not true. It actually kills your deliverability if you use any sort of unsubscribe link or opt out language. So, as a general rule, avoid using unsubscribe links of any kind. And if you must add opt- out language, do it in a really delicate way. And I'll give you some examples of what you can use. Some pro tips for email one, don't use anything that suggests they can opt out. Friends, don't email friends with a way to opt out. You can take the advice or leave it. Now, some people in the comments are probably going to say that you need to add a way to opt out or unsubscribe. If people want to opt out, they'll tell you that they want to be removed. And all you have to do is remove them. In my decade plus of doing cold email, I haven't seen a single instance where somebody got a fine for sending a cold email, even if it violated every CAN SPAM law. But I will tell you that using opt- out language or unsubscribe links in email one will hurt your cold email results. And remember, this stuff is hard enough as it is. You want to give yourself every chance to be successful. However, if we are using an extended sequence and we're sending three emails, four emails, five emails, you want to make sure to tell them that they can opt out. And this is how I'll generally present it. If I'm barking up the wrong tree, just say away and I'll remove you. Be careful not to use the word unsubscribe because again, the ESPs know what that is. They're going to detect that it's a cold email and send you to spam. But what a lot of people don't realize about emails two and three is that you're already in the inbox. If you do email one correctly, you've already made it through the spam filters. You're already in their primary inbox. In almost every case, Google and Microsoft aren't going to take you out of their inbox and put you in spam the third time that you send them an email. So once you're in the inbox the first time, you can send a link. You can add optout language if needed. That's why instantly has this specific feature which is send first email as text only so that you can send other stuff in emails two and three. So what about sending calendar links or other links? Well, generally I like to avoid sending any links in email one plain text only. Remember email one your goal is to get inside of their inbox and avoid spam at all costs. Now once you're in the inbox, like I said, emails two and three also likely to be in the inbox. So at this point you can consider sending links after email one. Now my recommendation is don't hyperlink anything. You want to send highly authoritative links such as a YouTube link, a Calendarly link, a Loom video. These are links that are going to establish trust. People are familiar with those websites and they know that they're not going to get a virus by clicking on a Calendarly link. And remember that the reputation of the domain affects the deliverability and warnings. So, if you're a brand new company and your website is cold emailmonsters.com, if you're sending them a link to your GHL calendar and it's cold emailsters.com/book, it's going to have a much higher chance of going to spam and it's also going to have a less of a chance of getting clicked because people don't trust that. They don't know what it is. So, if you're going to use links, make sure that they're links people are familiar with and willing to click on. Can you send pictures or videos? Well, the answer is probably going to surprise you and it's that if you think it'll help get the point across, demonstrate your offer and improve reply rates, then go ahead and try it. Run a split test, just not an email one. But the overall recommendation is no, we don't do it, but I've done it successfully. For example, have a client and they sell commercial window replacement and installation. Now, they identified a problem that these commercial companies are having with their existing windows, and it's really hard to explain with words. Really easy to explain with a picture. So, we used it in email, too, and it worked like crazy. We got a ton of replies from that. Not all pictures, not all videos are bad. Just make sure that you're testing them and make sure that you're not using them in email one. And if you want to send a video, make sure that it's a Vimeo or a Loom or a YouTube. And a really good way to approach the video situation if you want to do it in email one is ask them if it's okay to send them a video. That's a really good CTA cuz all they have to say is yes and then you can send them that video. Another really important deliverability point once they reply it's no longer a cold email. You now have an open dialogue with that person. The ESP sees that. You can send them whatever you want. It's now an ongoing conversation. This is the same reason you want to respond from the instantly unbox and not do mail forwarding to a different mailbox and then respond from that other mailbox because it's now no longer a dialogue and it's the first time you're sending an email from that mailbox to that lead. That probably made more sense on the whiteboard earlier. All right, so what about can spam laws? The CAN spam act is basically a consumer protection act and it dictates how you can send cold emails. It's basically saying cold email is legal as long as you do it this way. some basic requirements that are relevant to you. And feel free to go watch my video on CANSP SPAM breaking it down in detail, but I don't think you need to. All you need to know is they need a way to opt out. You need a mailing address. If they say stop or ask to be removed, you must remove them. And the most important fact of all, I've been doing this for over a decade. I've worked with all of the biggest cold email names in the business. I've built hundreds of cold email systems, a lot of which do not follow those rules, and I've never heard of a single violation. I'm about to show you something pretty crazy. So, this is a psycho person. It's a lawyer that we sent a cold email to, and this was her reply, report of abuse and violations. She ended up being a lawyer that basically attacks cold emailers. And she emailed Google, Microsoft, she emailed our domain register, our do our website host, everybody saying, "These guys are in violation of CAN SPAM Act of 2003. Shut them down. Find them." She emailed every authority. And I was actually really scared because this happened in 2022. I thought we were gonna get fined. I thought they were going to shut down our website. I was so scared. After all, she's an attorney. CEO Institute for Social Internet Public Policy. That's right on her signature. So, this absolutely terrified me. And I thought this was the end. We could can't send cold emails anymore. And then we waited and we waited and we waited and nothing. Not an email from Google, not an email from GoDaddy, not a single thing happened. This is about as close as you could possibly get to a real infraction. This is a an attorney emailing all the proper people with the proper evidence and nothing happened. All right. Now, let's talk a little bit in detail about actually setting up your email campaigns. So, there's a lot of nuance when it comes to actually building these sequences the right way. And there's a lot of places that this can go wrong. And if you're looking at this right now and it's probably confusing you and you're wondering why I haven't touched on this yet, it's because I wanted to dedicate some time to it. So, setting up email campaigns. First, you want to upload your leads. This is so that you can actually use variables when you're building cold email campaigns. I'm going to show you what I mean by that when we do a live campaign walkthrough. In fact, let's skip this and let's get closer to the walkthrough. Subsequences. So, these are really powerful automations that you can use to automate a lot of the the replies, and they work handinhand with the sequence itself. I'm going to show you how to set these up as well. They work on specific triggers or tags, so you can automatically add somebody to a subsequence. All right, so let's go ahead and do a full campaign walkthrough. So, you obviously seen what it looks like when it's fully developed. Let's go ahead and start one from scratch. I'm going to do this in my personal account. So, let's go ahead and add new. I'm going to start a campaign from scratch. You can just follow along. This is going to be cold email masterclass test. I like to name the campaign by whatever industry or offer that I'm using. So maybe this is my $97 offer and maybe I'm targeting, you know, marketing agency owners. This way you know exactly who you're targeting and what the offer is, which is essentially what you test in the in the campaigns. Now, if I skip this lead section and I go right into sequences, which is what a lot of you are going to want to do, like let's just start copy and pasting copy in here. you're not going to be able to do a few important things, uh, which is when you click on this lightning bolt, you're going to see placeholders come in. So, if you want to want to use placeholders, whether it's AI, personalization, first names, cities, you're going to need the leads to be uploaded first. So, the first thing you're going to want to do is add leads. I'm going to go ahead and do this just as a placeholder. I've got a few doctor's list I can upload here. I'm just going to go ahead and upload these and then delete them when I'm done. So, as I'm uploading, this is actually important to to mention. Come through and make sure that you're importing any variables that you plan on using for your campaign. This is especially important if you plan on doing API calls to do something with this after. So, for example, if you want to run my reverse lead magnet sequence, then you're probably going to need their domain. So, you can mark that as website. If you want their company description or keywords, then you can import this as a custom variable and it's going to create that keywords variable. You can select a lead owner, check for duplicates, and I'm going to go ahead and upload all. You can also verify it here if you want. I pre-verify them, so I don't worry about that. Looks like websites been selected multiple times, so let's just get rid of it. I'll make it a custom variable. Okay, cool. It's going to go ahead and upload those leads. It's only 88, so it should be quick. What it's also going to start doing is checking the status of these leads. It's going to check what mailbox provider they're with, and you're going to get more and more data as instantly processes these leads. Now, if I wanted to add some sort of AI variation, I can click on that brain, do company name cleanup or run any of these other prompts, and it's actually going to import that as a separate column here. But now what you'll see is I can come into sequences and now when I try and hit that lightning button, now I've got my placeholders. So, what I'm going to do is I'm going to write my subject line. Uh, let's use question. Import their first name. And then what I want to do in that first sentence is again, but I'm going to reach for a different variables here. Hey, first name, what's going on? Had a question about your email campaigns. Got a minute? Now, the other thing that I want to do instead of copy and pasting my signature into each of these, I actually like to use the signature variable. So, you'll see account signature here. That's actually going to import my signature from my mailbox. So, I set that at the mailbox level in bulk. Let's go ahead and save that. And now I want to run some AI to make sure that I'm using spin tax and that I'm not using any banned words. So I'm going to come into AI tools. Let's do an AI spam words checker. Got a minute. Do you have time to chat? Sure. Let's go ahead and make that change. Let's apply. Let's go into AI tools again. Let's use the spin tax writer. Now it's going to generate some variations. Let's preview it. Hey Jason, what's going on? I was wondering about your email campaigns. Are you available for a quick call? Cool. Let's go ahead and save that. And then let's come up with some different variations with some different subject lines. So, I'm just going to go ahead and create some variations here. Let's do one without their first name. And let's do a totally different subject line here. We're going to go ahead and save all of these. And now we've got step one ready to go. This is what it's going to look like. It's got my signature already imported. We can go ahead and do a deliverability score on it. So, it's going to see how it performs. Awesome. 100 out of 100. Now, we can add step two and step three. up here where it says subject, leave empty to use the previous steps subject. That means it's going to come in the same thread as email one. I actually really like doing that with email 2 just as like a little bit of a bump, little bit of a reminder. What's up? First name. Did you catch my email yesterday? And if I'm saying yesterday, you want the send message to be one day. If you want to say a few days ago, you can set that to 3 days. Test a bunch of different stuff and see what works. It was about your email campaigns. Got a minute to chat. If I'm barking up the wrong tree, just say wrong tree. Throw a little humor in there depending on who I'm talking to. Uh, we don't need a full signature for this one. I'm just going to go ahead and say J. We're going to save. We're going to do the same thing. We're going to do AI spin tax generator. And we're going to check for spam words. Looks good. Awesome. We'll add more variations here and then do a step three. So, I like to wait even more days. So, if that's three, let's do five here. And then we'll just do the same thing here in step three. configuring additional AB variations, testing whether it's in the same thread or different threads. That's essentially how you build an email sequence. It's also important to note that you can save templates. Um I tend not to, but you can go through some of their different templates to get ideas and then if you want to save your own template, you can go hit this dropown and save as template. That way you can just call it later on or in other campaigns. You don't have to worry about copy and pasting. Some other important notes here. If you're in email 2 and you do want to drop an image, then you can come into more rich and insert image here. And then you'll just drop the link to that image. Okay, that's all you should need to know to get kicked off. Now, schedule. This is when the cold emails are being sent. You can just leave this as the default. This honestly doesn't matter too much. And then options we talked about in the cold email configuration. And then options we already talked about pretty extensively. So that is sequences. And then once you've launched it, so let's go ahead and I'm going to click resume campaign. And once I do, you'll see that subsequences just popped up. Now I have the availability to add some of these subsequences. And if you remember from earlier, these are sequences within sequences. So for example, if in email one, I I want to say reply video and I'll send over a custom strategy. This is a really good way to get them to say video and then trigger an additional email. So video trigger as a subsequence and then you can do it if the the text contains the word video. You can say videos or maybe they spell it wrong and you use video. You just want it to catch all of that stuff. Can also just do this generally if somebody's interested and then it'll add them to that subsequence automatically. And this works exactly like you think it would. It can wait usually zero days cuz you want to respond as quickly as possible. Do you want to send it in the same thread they replied to? Do you want to open up a new thread? Usually the same thread. And then it can continue following up with that person for you automatically. We're back. You might notice I've changed. Yeah, I've been recording this thing for 4 days. So, don't ever say that I don't care about you. Most people would charge a lot of money for a course like this. I'm giving it to you for free. And I'm giving you all of the resources that go along with it for free inside of my free school community. The link is down below. You'd be stupid not to opt in and grab all those free resources. Okay, we're kicking back off with campaign analytics. Now, this is one of my both favorite and least favorite things is tracking and data. But if you get really good at this, then you're going to have a superpower and a massive advantage against your competition that aren't tracking the results the right way and their expectations are all messed up. So, some bullet points to start off with campaign analytics, and this is going to be like cold email analytics in general. You need to monitor them closely. You don't just want to guess that something's working or not working. based on like sentiment in the uni box. You really want to have concrete data and Instantly does a really good job with the data, but you need to know how to use it and you need to know what to look for. So, that's what we're going to be talking about today. Specifically, what's a high performing campaign? When is a campaign solid and good enough to scale? What's a bad result? How to dig into those AB test variations? What are some realistic expectations for you or for your clients depending on what kind of campaign that they're running? All of that we're about to chat about. And then what do you do if you see a sudden drop in results? What are some of those alarm bell signs that a campaign has died and you need to go and resuscitate it right away? All right, let's talk about these high-erforming campaigns. Now, I've showed you some already that are getting absurd reply rates, some in the 20 percentiles. Is that realistic? Is that something that you can expect when you launch your cold email campaigns? Absolutely not. And anyone who shows you what I call instantly porn, which are campaign analytics where you're getting 10 to 20% reply rates, you need to know that it usually fits into one of two buckets. It's usually a really targeted signal campaign, such as the one that I shared with you earlier where I'm monitoring my spam box and sending them a cold email if they land in spam. That's a really high performing campaign. The problem with campaigns like that is they're super limited on data. I can't scale that indefinitely. I can't upload 10,000 people that have emailed my spam box and expect it to perform at that same rate. The other type of campaigns that can reach reply rates greater than 5 10 15 20% are typically really targeted lists. So, one example I I already shared with you was our Inc 5000 campaign. After we won the Inc. 5000 award for Otter PR, we scraped the list of other winners. There's 5,000 of them. And then we reached out saying, "Hey, congratulations on your recent win. we were just, you know, at the conference in California. Sorry we couldn't connect with you. We won as well. Would it be okay if we jumped on a call and I helped you with this thing? That campaign was a high-erforming campaign. Again, the problem with it, it's a targeted segmented list. So, one thing you should think about is how can I build as many of these high-erforming campaigns as possible by latching on to as many of these high-erforming signals and maybe targeted lists that exist. And we're going to talk about doing all of that towards the advanced section. But you should know as you're getting started, you shouldn't worry about these. You should totally ignore the instantly porn because that's not going to be a likely result for you if you're scraping data from Apollo and pitching them with your generic offer. Even with lead magnets, there's almost no way to hit these types of reply rates. Now, some of the metrics that you see on this slide, open rate greater than 70%. I only know that because we used to track open rates and that's around what we were getting. Some of them as high as 90%. Reply rates greater than 5%. Obviously, I've tracked up to 22% reply rates, and I can show you a current campaign that's getting that. I think my spam campaign is getting around 22% reply rates. But anything over five should be considered a high performing campaign. If you see a campaign getting over 5%, you should immediately flag that and say, "What is working here? What am I doing? And how can I do more of it?" Now, if you're getting a 5% reply rate, but only a couple opportunities, and most people are saying, you know, go f yourself, then it's not a high-erforming campaign. So, I had to put opportunity rate in there as well. A lot of these do need to be positive opportunities. All right. So, what is considered a good performing campaign? What should you shoot for? If you're using generic Apollo data, you're using filters, you're doing it properly, you're cleaning your data, you're using a a good offer, potentially with a good lead magnet, what can you possibly expect? Well, typically those will get around a 60% open rate. Again, we're not tracking open rate. This is from historical experience. And you should shoot for a reply rate of around 2%. And honestly, anywhere from 1 to 2% is considered a good performing campaign. Something that you can scale. And again, you need to have opportunities in there. It can't just just all be, you know, wrong person, wrong contact, contact that person. Those should not be counted towards your reply rate. Those are opportunity rates. So, you do need to have around a 1% opportunity rate to want to scale that campaign. What would I consider a low performing campaign? Well, typically if an open rate is under 50%, usually in like that 40 to 60% open rate range, that typically means that we're inboxing, but people just don't want to open it. Again, historical experience, we don't track open rates. A reply rate of less than 1% and an opportunity rate and less than.5%. That usually means it takes us hundreds of emails to book a call. And depending on who you're trying to book emails with, that's not such a bad thing. And this is going to be the theme that I really want you to think about when it comes to looking at your analytics or maybe you're doing this for clients and you want to set expectations the right way. There are so many variables that are taken into account when I'm trying to determine what to expect with an opportunity rate with a campaign success. Some of those variables are obvious and we've already talked about them. Who we're reaching out to. If that person is somebody who is targeted by cold emails really frequently, campaign results go down. If they're giant companies, campaign results go down. If you don't have a unique and competitive offer, campaign results go down. If you don't have a good lead magnet or you're asking too much in your CTA, campaign results go down. But honestly, the biggest tell is who you're reaching out to. So, just a note, especially if you're managing clients and you want to give a guarantee, it's really hard to do until you have all of that information in front of you. You need to learn about the offer, learn about the target that they're trying to reach. And even if you do have all of that information, if you're not targeting a segment where we have a lot of historical information about what to expect, it can be hard to predict. If you're interested in getting some of those industry standards, like maybe you're running a staffing and recruiting offer, maybe it's a marketing agency offer, and you want to know what those industry standards are, you need to get the resources that are inside of this course document. It's going to be here for free inside of my school community. It's just school.com/le-gen and it's going to be pinned here at the top. It's not here now. because I'm waiting to finish this video to actually make all of the resources using everything that I'm basically saying here. So, if you haven't already, download that now. Okay. So, now we can talk about mailbox analytics. You can check the account analytics inside of instantly and the analytics section. So, let's just walk through this briefly. So, this is my PR agency account. We're going to come into the analytics section. Now, remember, you can access analytics in two places. You can do it in the campaigns section uh where you can just go campaign by campaign, get a broad overview, see what's going on, and then you can open up each individual campaign and get analytics for the specific segments and split tests. But let's go into the broader analytics tab first and see kind of what options I have and what I'm looking at. I'm going to change this to the last 4 weeks because I'm most concerned with what's going on recently. All right, so let's break down these different elements so you can at least understand what you're looking at. Total emails sent. This is actually one of the main metrics that I track with my team. It's up to my team to make sure that our campaigns are active and sending and if a campaign finishes, they get more leads in there. I don't do that personally. My team does that. So, I'm tracking this on a week- toeek basis to make sure that they're doing their job and we're sending a good amount of emails. So, right now we're doing about 700,000 every four weeks just from this account. We've actually got two more workspaces that we're doing different stuff in. You'll also notice that open rate and click rate are 0%. Why do you think that is? That's right. We're not tracking either of these things. Tracking open rate or click rate adds tracking code into the email and that destroys your email deliverability. So, this should be 0%. And if it's not 0%, you need to go and adjust your settings because you're doing something wrong. The next thing we look at is reply rate. Reply rate is probably the most important metric that you're going to be looking at to determine a campaign's success. Opportunities matter a lot, too. But typically, opportunity rate and reply rate will be 1 one. So, the only time the opportunity rate and the reply rate are not one is if you're using very different offers or very different lists. But in most case, they will be one to one. All right. So, campaign analytics, self-explanatory. This is the campaign. What I just showed you in the slide was account analytics. And we kind of touched on this earlier. This really just looks at mailbox health, but not even health. It's really saying how many emails this is sending and how many replies it's generating. Good combined score means that mailbox is performing well. If you come to the bottom, then there's a good chance there might be an issue with some of these mailboxes. So, one thing that might be worth checking is coming down here and saying, "All right, why is this combined score not as high as some of the other ones?" All right. So, what if you're in your Instantly account and you're looking through your campaigns and you see one campaign just doing horribly and you want to know why. You want to investigate that campaign. Let's open up the campaign and let's see what's going on here. Now, if you followed my advice so far, then you made your life easy and you just put all of your mailboxes on all of your campaigns and you're letting instantly cycle through them and do its thing. If you're doing it that way, then you're probably not going to see anything useful here in account analytics because they're all cycling through everything and you're not going to be able to tell what the root cause is. So, how do you know if you have a problem with deliverability or a problem with the campaign itself? And then if the problem is with the campaign itself, where is the problem? So, let's say this campaign wasn't working. So, the first thing I'm going to do is go into my lead list here. Now, I want to know if I'm actually emailing good people. So there's definitely a chance that you pulled a bad list from Apollo. And if you send emails to a bad list or to people who aren't relevant, you've got no chance of winning. So the first thing I do is come and I skim my lead list and say, "Okay, do do these companies look like they would be a good fit for me." And if you import more information about them, then you're able to tell a little bit more about these companies. I'm looking for any trends. Uh, you know, Google, a lot of these are Microsoft, we got a a Yahoo. So, it's good to know here what providers that I'm emailing because maybe for that specific provider, I'm landing in spam. That's absolutely possible. And then what's going on with the statuses here? Are a ton of them saying not interested? Are a lot of them contacted? Are any of them bouncing? These are all really important things that I need to know, especially if they're bouncing. Now, if everything looks normal here, you don't see any red flags, then you can come and let's judge your copy. So, it might be something that you're saying in the copy that's landing you in spam, or there's something else that can happen that's not landing in spam that you may as well be in spam. So, an email might end up in your inbox, but it might show up with a big flag on it. So, if you've ever opened an email and you've seen something like this, maybe it's in your inbox, but you see this message seems dangerous or be careful with this message. That can definitely happen when you're sending cold emails and you'll never know that you're in spam because the deliverability test won't tell you that you are. And this is like a death warrant for a cold email. If you see this, you're basically screwed. So, what you want to do is do a deliverability test with your specific copy from one of the mailboxes in the campaign. So, you can start with the top level test if you want. Just come into preview and then check the deliverability score. But honestly, that's really not going to tell you the information that you need to know. What you're going to want to do is log in to one of these mailboxes and then copy this copy here and put it into Glock apps and then do an actual test with this copy from that mailbox and see what happens. And a little added bonus for that test, also send that email to yourself at various other business emails and personal emails and see how it shows up. If it shows up normally, you're in the clear. If it has a big flag on it, then you should be a little bit scared. If all of those tests are clear, then it's probably just your list and your offer. And then you can go back to the three pillars and just work on refining your list better, finding better leads, and then you'll want to refine your copy. Split test different preview text, split test different bodies, and split test different calls to action. All right, so that's how to check if it's a mailbox issue versus a campaign issue. If it's a mailbox issue, you'll probably see it inside of your inbox placement testing. But this is not going to be testing the specific copy that you're using in that campaign. That's why that Glock apps test becomes so important. We just talked about testing your mailbox deliverability for low performers. And if all of the mailboxes in that specific campaign are having issues, then it's the campaign's fault. And remember, the inbox placement testing does this automation automatically. But if the mailbox is having issues, then you can remove it from the campaign and warm it and then put it back in once it's performing well. And all of that is automated now with the inbox placement testing. Just a little bit about link tracking. We're not tracking links now. So back in the day, I used to advise to track links and each link click that you got was essentially somebody that was interested in your offer that you could pixel and serve retargeting ads to. We'll talk about that more in depth when we get to the advanced section and talk about omni channel. But right now, we want to make sure your link tracking is disabled. So, if you are going to use links in emails two and three, cuz we're not using them in email one, make sure to come into options and make sure that open tracking is disabled and link tracking is disabled as well. All right, we've done most of our analytics walkthrough, but let's do a couple of additional things specifically with the split testing. Now, if I'm in the campaign analytics, and to be honest, this is where I spend most of my time. I never really use this analytics tab. I'll come into the campaign analytics because that's what I'm most concerned about. And I'm most concerned about my split test results. So, some things to to notice here. We've got reply rate. I've got positive reply rate cuz that's really important to me. I've got opportunities. And if you want to adjust what displays here, you can just click on that gear icon and add or remove things that are important or not important to you. like conversions. We don't track that inside of Instantly. It's not an important metric for me. And by the way, you can export these really easily by hitting that share button. So, if you've got clients that you want to share this with, you can change the name. It's a a really cool analytics dashboard. All right. So, I just opened up a campaign with a couple of split tests that are actively running. So, we can actually make some decisions in real time. So, as you can see, we've got a few that we already turned off because they were underperforming the control. So, you should always have a control. You should have a standard that you use and you kind of know what to expect the the predictable best performing campaign. That way when you're creating these variations, you can test against that control and make easy decisions. But let's take a look here. Looks like these two were recently turned off. I didn't do this. My team did this. And I know that because they've sent just about as many emails as these guys. So what I'm looking at here, these all kind of got 2% reply rates across the board. The difference is this one specifically is getting way more opportunities than the other ones. So even though this one has more replies, this one has significantly more opportunities. So I think I have enough information here to go ahead and turn off variation D. Now, you should note while we're talking about AB testing that there's something called statistical significance, which essentially means, do you have enough data to conclusively decide that that decision is the right decision? And there's equations that you can pop these into. But if you're on the fence and you're not sure if it's the right decision, I can go ahead and take a screenshot of these two. And watch this. We're just going to go into chat GPT. I'm going to add this image. So I said, does this test have enough statistical significance to choose a winner looking at opportunities as the key metric and it'll actually run that equation for you and just tell you whether or not it's safe to choose that that option over the other option. This one says no. It's not quite there. Now, you can decide whether or not you want to want to use that advice, and it's typically based on power. Power basically means, do you have enough data with a big enough difference for this to count as statistically significant? And you can wait for it to get higher and to make that decision, but I'm just going to go ahead and eyeball this, which is probably not the right thing to do for giving advice to you. You should probably wait until it's statistically significant. But this is likely going to be the better performing campaign. All right, step three also has a test running and it's good that we started with this one because there's a pretty notable difference here. Now, let's look at step three. They have essentially the same reply rate and essentially the same opportunity rate. So, at some point, you probably have to say, you know, this has sent a lot of emails. There's probably not going to be a difference between A and B. They're not different enough. you need to add a bigger variable that's going to make a bigger difference in that specific split test. So, what I'm going to do here is turn off variation B. And honestly, it doesn't matter which one. I don't think there's there's going to be a difference when it comes to the results between A and B. And now, as a new test, I'm just going to go ahead and copy this copy, put it here, and I'm going to try and do it in a different thread versus the same thread. That's a really good test that you can run on email 3. So, I'm just going to add a quick subject line. Yes or no. That's a good one to test. And then we'll let that collect more and more data. Now, important to note while we're in analytics, I kind of mentioned this earlier, but if you come into preferences and scroll all the way down, make sure use version 2 analytics is turned on. I don't know why they don't do that by default, but it does give you more accurate reporting. All right. Next, I want to talk about something really important that's often overlooked, which is actually managing your cold email system. How we make sure that our system stays oiled and well-maintained. So, yes, Cold Email has literally automated our entire marketing strategy, but I'd be lying if I told you that it was just a set it and forget it thing. It's not. It's a welloiled machine that requires maintenance and care, some tender love and care. Now, I'm now going to show you exactly how we run our cold email systems that send over a million emails every month. And I'll show you how to automate as much of it as possible. All right, so managing your cold email system. We're at a point now where we have our team that's in there responding to leads, making sure that it's wellmaintained. So, there's an SOP that we give to our team. And here's essentially what it entails. We have one person who's basically in charge of responding to interested leads. I'll show you how to automate as much of that as possible. Another person who's in charge of adding new leads, deleting old ones, recycling leads, and doing the continuous improvement and testing. So, typically an optimized machine has those two people. and I haven't seen a situation where they're the same person. Now, if you followed my instructions so far and you're ready to start your cold email machine for the first time, this is essentially the order in which you should do it. First, once you've got your mailboxes uploaded, you should do a health check on all of your mailboxes and sequences. Run through and do testing just like all of those points that I I showed you earlier. Test the DNS records, test the deliverability. All of those things should be done prior to actually pushing the start button. You should make sure that your mailboxes are set to slow ramp with a max of 20 per day. Just to show you what that looks like, you're going to come into your mailboxes, your mailbox settings, daily campaign limit set to a max of 20 as you're getting started. Once it's once it's ramped, you can go up from there. Max 20. And then make sure campaign slow ramp is on. If it's not, it'll go from 0 to 20 immediately. And that's a red flag for spam. You want to make sure that your domains are at least 30 days old. You have a 100% health score on all of your mailboxes. and your spin tax and your personalization are all in place and they look good. Go through the copy, test the copy, send some deliverability tests with that copy. Then you're going to tag your mailboxes and add all of those mailboxes to a campaign. So let's say they all have this Google legacy tag. I'm going to come into a campaign, come into my brand new campaign, come into options, and just add that tag. And that tag will automatically pull in all of those mailboxes. Make sure those advanced deliverability settings are enabled. They do help a lot, especially when you're getting started. And just to reiterate some of those advanced deliverability settings, you're going to come into your settings. You're going to come into preferences, sorry, advanced deliverability, and make sure hostile prospects are being skipped. Unlikely to reply, you can either skip or send last. And then in the campaign themsel, come into options and then deliverability optimization. Those are checked. And then at the bottom here, allow risky emails. Make sure both of these are unchecked. You do not want to allow risky emails. Finally, the number one thing that you need to do is make sure that the app is downloaded and that you're going to get positive reply notifications. So, we already kind of talked about those positive reply notifications. You want to make sure that you are the owner or somebody is the owner of that of that specific campaign so that they get those notifications. And then at the very least, you come into preferences, email preferences. You make sure that positive reply notification is turned on. Again, ours is turned off because we use some advanced automations which I will show you soon. Now, by far the most important job that you have when you're running and maintaining your cold email machine is responding to your interested replies fast. This is the most important thing that you need to do and this is the number one area where my clients drop the ball when we deploy their cold email systems. You should be using the instantly unbox. You should be getting those positive reply notifications. You should have the Instantly app downloaded on your phone so you can get there and reply as quickly as possible. You should reply fast within five to 10 minutes if possible and personalized if you can. I mean, actually read their reply. Actually go look at their company and then say something personalized to them instead of just reaching for a canned response. But speed is more important than personalization. If you can get there fast with a canned response, I care about that much more than you taking hours and coming up with something personalized. And then if you want, use the instantly CRM to track your opportunities. Especially as you have more and more opportunities coming in and you have somebody in charge of replying, you can then put somebody in charge of managing this CRM so that they're constantly replying to people and moving people through and just keeping track of those opportunities and deals. All right. So, what should you say in a reply? Here are some basic principles that you can follow when you're replying to cold emails. Important to note, once somebody responds, the next email that you send to them is no longer a cold email. It's now a warm email because you have an active conversation and you can send them basically whatever you want. So, if you get them to reply, now you can send them that link. Now, you can send them that image. Now, you can send them that video. Now, you can say the word sale and fast and deal, things that you can't normally say in a cold email because it's not going to get delivered. Now, it will. And just to reiterate, we're not using mailbox forwarding for this reason. If you do mailbox forwarding and you reply from a different mailbox, it's now a cold email again. Now, they're going to want to keep the conversation in the uni box until they take some sort of action. So, a lot of people will get that interested reply and they'll say, "Cool, they're interested. Let me just add them into my CRM into a drip sequence." You don't want to do that because now they're getting an email from some domain that they haven't had any interactions with and they're not expecting that email and it's not coming in the same thread. So, it's just not what you want to do. It's not best practice. You should keep the conversation inside of the uni box until they take some sort of action. You're trying to push them toward booking a call or push them toward filling out some kind of form or asking for a lead magnet. And once they fill that form or book that call, you should already have an automation in place that puts them into a drip sequence, a nurture sequence, a reminder sequence. If you don't, then start there before you do any of this because that's like basic business conversion stuff and you should watch my free master class on GoHighle, which is on YouTube. And if you don't already have a main CRM, you can grab a sub account with GoHighle with me with all of my snapshots by going to leadgenj.com/crm. Everybody needs a CRM that's separate from instantly. This is where you house your interested leads. If they book a call, they'll do it in this GHL CRM and it automatically adds them into a nurture sequence and a reminder sequence. So, if you don't already have a CRM, you can grab it here for $49. And this is free for my insiders. So, if you already thinking about joining my my insiders program, which is my coaching and highle program for cold email and marketing systems, then we do give go highle CRM with all of my snapshots for free. And just to reiterate, you should already have an automation that adds them from that action booking a call into your primary CRM. And if you're using GoHigh Level, your calendar is already in your primary CRM. All right. So, I wanted to do a quick walkthrough of the Univox because it is such an important place for you to live and breathe and and master. So, on the lefth hand side here, you'll see status. So, you can filter by different tags and you can add different tags. So, if you're in conversations with somebody and you want to filter by those specific types of conversations, you can go ahead and do that and tag them here. You can filter by campaigns. If you're interested how a specific campaign is performing or how people are responding to that new offer, you can come and segment just by campaign. You can do it by inbox. So, I almost never use that, but you can do it. And then you can come and see, okay, unread only, reminders only, scheduled emails, inbox. Now, let's take a look at some of the the options that we have when somebody is replying. Right now, this is pretty much everything. I've got interested, not interested, but this is my primary inbox. These are people who are added as leads within the instantly CRM. These are people that I'm paying for. They're part of my lead quota. The others are all of the other emails that are coming in to those mailboxes that are not leads that are in the instantly system. It might be really old leads that have been removed to make space for others, which I think this one is. Yeah, this one likely is this guy responded on May 30th. It's now June 22nd and there's a good chance that this guy has already been removed. Or if somebody responds from a different email address, it might show up in here as well. So this scott.com, we may have emailed him at a different email address and now he's responding from a different email address. This happens really often. So you got to make sure that you check this others tab because sometimes you're going to find some gold in here. Now what you can do uh say Scottsummit is somebody who is in our contact database under a different email. You can click on these three dots and attach lead. So actually let's see if we have a different Scottsummit. So you would just find the lead that it matches to and that'll bring it to your primary mailbox and basically merge those contacts. That's an important one you should know about. You can also do some basic stuff here like set reminders, delete, mark as unread. This is all from the others box. I just want to make sure that you're checking it because especially if you're deleting leads from your system, people might end up responding late. So this one for example, just seeing this, you can go ahead and send your calendar if it's not too late. This happens all the time. So make sure that you're checking your others box and responding to these others emails. Let's go to your primary box. This is where you'll spend most of your time. This is where the the leads are. Everybody's tagged. So let's open up one of these. This guy just said, "Huh?" I don't know why it marked him as interested. Their AI is not perfect. So from here, you've got a few options with what to do with this guy. I already mentioned that you can move them into a campaign or a subsequence. So if somebody's like follow up in 30 days or follow up in Q2, you might want to make a subsequence or a campaign for that. Just a follow-up sequence that waits 30 days and then hits them. Or if they ask for pricing, maybe you have a campaign for pricing. Just really fast ways to respond and add them into another sequence. You can add notes for you or for your team. We don't really use this too much. This is new. So, if someone's a really good lead, they're highly qualified, they're perfectly relevant, you can try their AI to find similar leads. We already talked about delete lead add to block list. This is one that you might want to think about using more often than not. If somebody is rude or they're retired, you might want to add them to that block list. So, let's talk about options for replying. We've got reply, reply all, that's all normal. I'm going to go ahead and reply. Now, Insta is a little bit laggy, but normally it'll start recommending a reply here because my Open AI is integrated and it'll start showing it in like a faded black text. But what that recommended reply is is their best guess at the canned response that I would use. So, these reply macros are unbelievably useful, especially in your mobile app. So, hit that pound button and then that opens up your macros. Now, you can choose kind of pre-mplated responses that you can import here or create brand new ones. So, I can go ahead and hit pound and say create and then start making a reply macro here that I can call at a later time. You should start building a whole database of these and then start using them when you're replying and instantly got AI that's watching. They're learning what they said, what reply macro that you used, and they're learning from all of that data so that they can recommend the best reply macros for you and then potentially even turn on full AI inbox management. Another thing I want to point out here, now that I've got these replies open, I can set additional reminders. If no reply in one week, then remind me to follow up. This is really useful because every person that replies to you is an interested lead and you worked really hard to get that person to reply. You went through all of that and now you've got somebody qualified who wants to hear more. Just because you send them information doesn't mean you're going to hit them at the right time. Doesn't mean all their questions are going to be answered. So, if you're new at this and you have limited lead flow coming in, definitely recommend using this. If no reply, then remind me to follow up. Sometimes it takes two, three, four replies for you to actually get that person at the right time to to a call. So, what you should do when you come into your unbox for the first time every day, uh, come in to lead and then go through all of the ones in your primary mailbox and don't just skip over the the notinteresteds. Some of these notinteresteds are actually interested. These are not. But this one is an open opportunity. We're not interested in paid placement. Thanks. I could easily say, "Cool. That's not what we focus on. We do earned media. Uh, does that change anything?" So, just cuz they marked them as not interested does not necessarily mean that they're not interested. And another thing you can think about with what I call soft nos. This is a soft no. This is somebody who took the time to actually reply to me. They didn't say anything rude. They didn't say, "Oop me out. Never contact me." They said, "We're not interested right now. Thanks." For cases like this, you might want to consider sending them a reply anyways. And a reply might look something like this. Thanks for responding. I understand you're not interested in paid placements. Uh if you are ever interested in a really reputable PR firm, here's some of our case studies. Link to your case studies page. I hope you have an awesome day. I really appreciate you taking the time to respond. Now, they have a link to your case studies page that they can click on. And there's no way that they're going to report you in as spam after that because they already took the time to respond. They were courteous. you were courteous back and now you've left them with some case studies and and an additional option instead of just leaving them on red and you can come up with a really simple soft no reply macro for that. That way anytime you get a soft no, you can just call that reply macro and now you've significantly interested the responses that you're sending out. Okay, let's talk about fastest ways to blow it with your leads. There's a there's a couple obvious ones taking too long to respond. If they go days without hearing from you, then they already forgot that they answered your cold email. then you should still reply, but you may as well not cuz it's probably not going to work. If somebody asks you a specific question as their reply, you know, how much does it cost? And you send them a canned response that doesn't address their question, it's a really fast way to get marked as spam and definitely not replied to. So, if somebody asks you a specific question, address their question first. You know, thanks for asking about pricing. It ranges from this to this. I'd love to, you know, hear about what your needs are and that way I can give you a more accurate quote. And then insert your spiel or calendar link. You also don't want to info dump on them. So, right now, we're in the discovery phase. You've baited them. They're interested in what you have to say. They're interested in your offer, and they've replied that they want more information, but your goal isn't just to give them all the information. No, your goal is to get them onto a call. That way, you can start the sales process. So, if they ask, you know, how much does it cost, and you just tell them, you know, it's $5,000, here's all the benefits, here's what it comes with, and you just info dump on them, now they've got no reason to get on a call with you. You really want to get them onto that call and you want to leave some room for discovery, some curiosity gap so that they can figure out, okay, you know, maybe I need to figure out if this is the right fit for me. I want to hear how they do it. And you need to be able to sell to them in a in a call format. So, don't info dump. It's a really fast way to get ghosted. If you want to blow it with your leads, don't give them a clear next step. So, when you're sending a reply to your leads, you need to have a very specific call to action in all of your emails. So, it's not just here's the pricing. It's here's the pricing. If this makes sense, let me show you the strategy that we're going to use to accomplish the goal for you. Do you have 15 minutes next Tuesday? Here's the link. That way, they know, okay, here's the next step. Here's what I need to learn next. Here's the link to book that call. If you just reply with no CTA, no link, no action step, you're not going to get one. And then, if you want to blow it with your leads, don't follow up if they don't take action. So, we just talked about using that follow-up if no reply follow-up in one week. Use it. It's going to make a huge difference. You're going to see an immediate 50% increase in interested replies to booked calls. Now, I'm sure it's not going to surprise you that I'm obsessed with AI automation, especially how I can use it in lead generation. There's one really simple automation that I wanted to share with you. Now, before we get to the advanced section that you can set up, and this is actually what I use, too, just to keep my team informed about positive replies instead of using Instantly's native one. And this one is super easy to set up even for total beginners. So what does this do? It alerts you about new interested leads. It does research on the lead and their company so that you can have some context and then create a personalized response and it adds it into a reporting dashboard so you can actually see what's working. You can also have it draft the reply and then I'm going to show you in the advanced section how to use knowledge basing to create really good replies. So there's a a video that I made kind of detailing how to implement this. I'm going to include the link to this video in the resources document so you can access it really quickly. And I'm also going to share with you this really basic template that you can use to to set up really quickly inside of your Instantly AI account. It's just four steps. You receive the reply, it does research, adds it to the database, and then emails your team. So, you'll be able to copy and import this exact template with the prompts into your Make.com account. And if you don't already have make.com, then you can actually get 12 months for free. If you go to vault.legenj.com, you get 12 months free on a team plan. Make is my best recommendation for beginners who aren't great with automation cuz it has a lot of the the native integrations that N8N doesn't. So, for example, Perplexity that you don't have to learn how to do an API call if you're using make. Now, you do have to be a member of my insiders to get access to deals here. And if you're not in the insiders and you still want to use make, it is going to be available for you here inside of my software vault. Anytime you want to access that software vault, you can just go to leadenj.com and go to top tools. Now, the reason using these automations is way better than relying on Instantly's default notifications is you can actually control a lot of what comes to you by email. You can get way more information. You can control the channel. So, I could add a Slack channel in here if your team is on Slack. I can add another AI step to generate a draft reply. And then adding these to instantly is so easy. So you just need to start with a web hook. Copy that web hook. Go to instantly. Go into the settings. Then into your integrations, then web hooks. You're going to click add web hook. Paste that web hook here. Go to event type. What we're interested in here is reply received. And if you want to trust instantly's tags, you can actually do interest lead is marked as interested and rely on their AI to do that. And now it'll only send you interested replies. For targeted campaigns, set it to all campaigns. And then once you add that web hook, it's just going to run on autopilot anytime an interested reply comes in. Another great thing about instantly is they have native instantly integrations form make.com. So you can do specific things in your make account just natively within make. So lots of customization here and makes it really easy to implement this even for beginners. Finally, just circling back on the instantly CRM. We didn't spend too much time here. Uh, but for those of you that are new to CRM, essentially how it works is this. Let's go to the this opportunities pipeline. Most CRM look like this. Leads flow from left to right based on what status that they're in. So all of these different columns are actually tags that you can set up inside of your uni box. So some different tags might be, okay, they're interested. Are am I in conversation with them? That might be step number two. Or did they book a meeting? That might be step number two. Did that meeting get complete? Step number three. Did we close that deal? Step number four. And that's what would be one. You can control these with just tags. And you can come in to their settings here and you can add more tags, create more labels, and really configure how you want to set this up. They make it really easy to do. Click and drag uh how you want the stages. And then this is what your sales representative should be doing. They should be responding to people in the uni box and they should be moving people across. And this is going to be the best way for them to keep track of those conversations that maybe didn't convert to calls or maybe didn't convert to sales. What's actually going on with these people? Now, they've done a really good job with the CRM and in a couple different areas that I'll point out. By the way, I think their CRM is like another hundred bucks a month. So, still really affordable, but definitely more for when you're scaling your system and you have a lot of leads to keep track of and you've got sales guys in here working with you. So some of the things on the lefth hand side you've got obviously have your inbox which is really just like uh your unib is really where you want to spend a lot of time. This is the best place to keep track of the lead flow. Now we don't use this because most of our stuff is automated but I definitely recommend that you take a look at using this. Next thing I want to show you is sales flows. This is actually a really cool new thing that they've added which is basically automations for these opportunities. So let's do a stale automation. campaign leads. If lead status is not meeting booked in the past 30 days and lead status is interested, now we know, okay, they're an interested lead and they never booked a call and it's been 30 days, so they're probably not going to book a call. This is essentially building lists within my my tag statuses that I can come through and try and follow up and get people to take some sort of action. If you've got a big team as well, you can assign leads to certain users. So a user can come in and just toggle and only look at their opportunities. So I definitely recommend you using the CRM, especially if you have a high lead flow and you're worried about conversion of everybody from interested reply to booked call, this is how you do it. This is how you keep track of everything. And if you care about reporting on sales and lead data, this is a great place to do it as well. Because it's not just about how many interested opportunities you generate, it's about how many of those convert to calls and how many of those convert to sales. And this is a good easy way for beginners to start tracking that stuff. Just to reiterate some bullet points there, treat each lead like a sale that you're trying to close. Anyone who replies is pre-qualified. They're now interested. And you should be giving them the time of day more than just a canned reply. You should be following up with them. You should be answering their questions. You should be doing omni channel. All of this stuff converts them to call to sale. Move them through the pipeline based on status. A lot of that should happen manually, but I'll show you how to automate some of it, too. And the goal is to get them to take action. Get them out of your Instantly CRM and into your main CRM by taking some sort of action like booking a call. This always a fun question to ask is how valuable are your qualified leads, the people who you can get onto a call? And it's actually pretty easy to find out once you know your average customer value and your average close rate. You can pretty quickly figure out how much a qualified call is worth to you. And once you get that number, it's actually really easy to justify, you know, spending the additional manpower and resources, adding people to the CRM, paying for the CRM. All of those costs are usually negligible when it comes to the value of a qualified call. So, when you think about that, expend the effort and resources on following up. You can call them when you get an interested reply. You can text them. You can add them on LinkedIn. Don't just send the same template responses to everyone. And just to reiterate that cold to warm transition, when should you move them from the instantly unit in a box to your main CRM? And the answer again, not until they take some sort of action. If they opt in on a form, they should automatically go into that main CRM. If they book a call, they should go to that main CRM. Do not just throw every interested lead that responds to your cold email into your main CRM. It's easy to do. I could do it in 2 seconds. This web hook is already capturing all of the interested leads. All I would have to do here is add a module for lead connector and just add a contact here. And now I'd be putting everybody into my CRM, but I don't want to do that because they haven't really proven that they want to receive emails from me yet. And once they prove that by booking a call or opting in, only then does it count. Some tips for dealing with angry leads. You're going to want to turn on the instantly AI setting to avoid hostile prospects. I showed you that a little bit ago. It's in advanced deliverability under settings. When you get a hostile prospect saying, you know, go f yourself. Never contact me again. Click that button to delete lead and add to block list that's accessible in the unibbox. We just talked about that. And dude, brush it off. It happens. This is part of the game of cold outreach. People who are doing door-knocking or cold calling, how do you think they feel when they show up at someone's door and get cussed out or get cussed out over the phone? This is email. This is easy. And in general, people are pretty respectful by cold email. I just opened up my uni box and you could see what some of those negative replies look like. They're not terrible, but every once in a while we do get a terrible one. You can't worry about it and you should prepare your team for them as well cuz once somebody new on your staff takes over the unibly they won't be shook. They'll be fine. They'll brush it off. They'll block the lead and they'll move on. Again, here's where to find the settings. Advanced deliverability, enable hostile prospects. You want to skip them. And then use the block list. I absolutely love how they designed their block list. It makes things so easy for me, especially someone who knows automation. They've essentially got two block list. So, let's just come back into their block list. This is kind of their built-in block list, the ones that we've said to block from the UniBox. Block, delete, lead. This is where they go. Can also add people here through automation. And you can create AI block list triggers, which makes it so easy to avoid emailing the wrong people. But most importantly, Google Sheets. If you're like me, you've got a lot of different marketing channels and you want to avoid cold emailing your competitors or cold emailing your current or past clients. So to get those into instantly, you just put them into a Google sheet. Looks like this. You copy and paste the link. All it is, you've got an emails list and then a long list of emails and instantly reads this list and it doesn't contact those people. And one of the easiest automations on earth, in fact, it's built into a lot of CRM is just add a row in a sheet. So new lead comes in, new call comes in, put them into that sheet. There should be a step in all of your CRM automations. All right, let's talk about adding new leads and removing old ones. So, as we already discussed, Instantly charges you by how many leads you have inside of their system. So, that can get pretty astronomical pretty quickly. So, as you can see here, I've paying for 125,000 leads, and I'm on the AppSumo lifetime tier 3. This is from way back when they were on AppSumo. I still have that plan. So, just in this workspace alone, I'm paying them almost $450 a month for the leads. Now, if I just kept adding millions and millions of leads every single month to Instantly's platform and not deleting any leads, I'd probably be paying them thousands of dollars per month. So, what most people do is when that campaign is 100% complete, you're going to clone the campaign so that you have fresh data for AB testing. That's why I have all of those off and paused campaigns. And you're going to download the contacted leads and then delete them. So, let's actually walk you through the process of doing that. So, let's go into my instantly campaigns and we'll see some of these are 100% complete and you, as you can see, they don't have contacts in them anymore. For the most part, they've already been cleared out. But this one, for example, is recently finished and has been cleaned out. All right, here we go. This one's still got leads in it. Now, I think this one is currently active. Now, when you're removing leads from a system, and this process is going to be really similar if you want to reuse lists as well, you can use these filters to make sure that it's actually complete. So, you don't want any not yet contacted. You don't want to remove these guys. The campaign's still working on them. It means the campaign's not finished. But assuming this campaign was done and say it's been done for a couple of weeks, you can select all. So, now I've got all 33,000 leads and I want to download them first. And when you download them, you also want to put them into some sort of database, like a Google sheet. That way, you can keep records of not just the leads that you've contacted, but what was the status of those leads. So, just to show you what that looks like, I'm only going to select this page and do a download. I'm going to download these 50 leads and open up that file. So, now we know not just that we emailed them, but we have their email provider and we've got their lead status. We know if they were interested, if it bounced, if they were not interested, reply received. So, all of these are really important things that we can use if we're ever reusing a lead list. So, what I'll typically do is I'll download these and then I'll put them all into a Google sheet. It is a giant Google sheet full of our used leads. And then once they're downloaded, you can always put them back so they're safe to take out. So, you're going to select all and go ahead and delete all the leads in the selected campaign. And that's how you make space for the leads. And then once they're deleted, you've still got a lot of this data that's sitting here. And you don't you don't want this data anymore. You want to start from scratch. So, what you're typically going to do is clone the campaign, duplicate campaign, and add the new leads to that newly duplicated campaign. And then you can add new AB tests inside of that new campaign. Now, technically, you could do it inside of the same campaign and then reset the data in your instantly settings, but I actually like starting from scratch with new campaigns. And remember that the Unibox still captures email responses even if you've deleted that lead, but it's going to be in not in your primary, but your other tab. So, make sure that you're checking that other tab or else you're definitely going to miss important messages. But the leading leads will remove them from your CRM. So, you're going to have to make that decision. Are you going to live and die by that CRM or are you going to make space so you can reach out to more people or just eat the cost and pay for the leads? All right. Recycling lead lists. Especially important if you have a small TAM. Say you only have 10,000 people in the whole country that could potentially be leads for your business that would actually need your really specific offer. Well, now you've got a problem because you're already sending 5,000 emails a month. So, you're going to run through that list in 2 months. What What the hell are you going to do? The answer is you need to recycle that lead list. So, there's a couple strategies here that you should employ immediately. This is less relevant if you got a giant TAM of millions of people like we do. This is the first time I'm seeing some of these memes that my team made. I love this one. Wants to be environmentally friendly. Does his part by recycling old leads. Well done, team. So, what people don't realize is you can email the same person every 3 to 6 months and they're going to have no idea that you've reached out to them in the past. And there's a couple of ways to do this, especially if you have the the small TAM, maybe under 50,000, under 100,000 people. You can keep them in Instantly AI and then just use filters and move to a new campaign or you can download and upload them late at at a later date. I would say not to recycle any sooner than 3 months. 3 months is a pretty good time frame where you'll definitely forget that I cold emailed you 3 months from now. I guarantee it. You'll have no idea who I am or what I said. Now, with that being said, there's a reason that I probably didn't answer your cold email the first time, and there's two potential reasons for that. One, it wasn't a good fit and still isn't a good fit. I don't actually need that thing, and I was just ignoring you. Two, trust. I lied. There's more than two things. Trust. I don't trust you. Therefore, I didn't reply to your cold email. So, maybe your social proof wasn't strong enough. your case studies weren't strong enough. Three, I wasn't having the problem or pain you're trying to solve when you cold emailed me. That's the beautiful thing about this marketing channel is I might not need your thing now, but 3 months from now, I might be experiencing that specific pain and difficulty. So, what I recommend doing is in that 3 to 6 months when you add them to a new campaign, it can still be the same offer, but you should reposition it. You should use different pain points. You should use different problems. You should use different case studies. That way, you're going to have the best chance of that person resonating with the with the new cold email because they didn't resonate with the first one. You want to change some of the way you're approaching them the second time around. And by the way, you can start people in both of them and then after 3 months, just switch. If you're recycling lead lists, you need to skip leads that took specific action or were not interested the first time. So, this is where those filter tags become so important. Say I want to recycle this lead list and I have people that reply received not interested. I don't want to put those notinteresteds into my new campaign. I also probably don't want to put the interested into my new campaign because they already engaged in conversation with me. My goal now isn't to get them to raise their hand anymore. It's to get them to convert to a call or a sale. So, as you're doing this, you're going to select all. So, when you're building this list to transfer to another campaign, you're going to run some filters, conditions, and in those filters, you can say lead status, you want to avoid the interested and the not interested. So, what I'm looking for in the filters is lead status completed, no reply. You'll filter by that. And that way, you only have people who the email went through, it's already been validated, and they're not not interested, and they're not interested cuz you're hand handling those people differently. So now you can take all of these and you can move them into that other campaign. Just some more information about choosing AB test winners. I feel like we beat that pretty to death, so I'm not going to go too much further on that. Talked about using chatbt to determine statistical significance. It's also really good for storing information about winners and losers. You can have one single thread and feed it all of your AB test variations and say, "Okay, D1." Well, you can actually use a chat GPT thread or a AI assistant or a claude project, whatever you want to use for AI. You can feed it all of your split test winners so that it remembers what you tried, what worked, what didn't work. And as it learns more about what you're what's working for you and what's not working, it can actually suggest different split tests that you can try. All right, code red. Something is wrong. These should trigger a very curious response from you. If you see your reply rates plummet overnight, so you want to go into like your 7day analytics inside of one one of these campaigns. So say you cloned a campaign and the reply rates are like 0.5%. Something's wrong. If it's was 2.7, now it's 0.5, there's a problem. You can also go last 7 days and see what's happening specifically in the last 7 days that might be new. You also want to make sure to check your inbox placement tests. If you see a massive drop, which happens a lot, you could see a 20% drop in inbox placement, you want to try and figure out why. Immediately, pause those campaigns, just go to warming, and then do those placement tests. And then try changing the copy first. That's usually going to be the problem. If it's not, you're just going to need to let the mailboxes warm for a little bit longer without sending cold emails cuz chances are you just got reported as spam a lot. Now, I hope that was some helpful information about managing your cold email machine. It's not just set it and forget it. There is maintenance. You do need to add some tender love and care as you scale it up. You should have somebody to add leads to the system, deploy AB variations, and you should have somebody else that's actually responsible for the CRM and managing those replies and managing that follow-up. And now we're going to be able to talk about some really fun stuff, which is scaling your cold email machine up to a million emails per month or 10K emails per day. Whatever your goal metric is, this is how you're going to scale that system to reach that goal. Do you want to send a million emails every month? We currently send more than 3 million emails every single month across all of our companies. So today I'm going to show you exactly how to scale your cold email machine to insane numbers. And I'm going to show you how to manage the lead flow, how to manage the replies, and most importantly, how to automate as much of it as possible. But keep in mind, if you scale too early or if you do it the wrong way, you will break your machine. I've seen it time and time again. So let's talk about scaling your cold email machine. All right, scaling your cold email machine. Turning up the speed on your new money printer to send at least 10,000 emails per day. This is like a scaled cold email machine. So before you just pick a number like a million emails a month and start scaling, you should really do some math. So there's a master equation. I'm going to give you a calculator to use, but let's talk about that equation. Before you calculate how many mailboxes you need to send a 100,000 emails per day, you should really figure out how many emails it's currently taking you to book a single call, you're in charge of finding out that number. And you do it by building an initial cold email machine and optimizing it. You want to optimize it before you scale it. Then once it's optimized, you want to figure out how many calls that you actually want every day. And and don't say it's a thousand because no one can possibly handle going from zero to a,000 calls per day right away. How big is your sales team? What is their current capacity? And how fast you want to scale that sales team? Because if you have an optimized machine that's doing 10 calls per day right now, and you want to 10x it, that's probably a bad idea. So think, if it takes 200 emails to book one call, then 10,000 emails is 50 calls. So if you're sending 10,000 emails per day, that is a ton of calls. And you'd probably need 10 closers just to handle that. So your variable J for me is the most important metric that you need to know before scaling. This is the number of emails that it takes to book a single call. Once you have that number and you calculate, cool, I want to send 10,000 emails per day. So calculating that each mailbox you want to run at 25 emails per day. It's like a good safe number. You can do anywhere from five emails per day to 50 emails per day per mailbox. The more per day that you do, the higher risk that campaign is going to be at. So, if you're confident you're not getting marked as spam a lot, then you can crank those up. So, then you're going to do 10,000 divided by 25 is 400 mailboxes. And if you want to set up 400 mailboxes, a good round number is you want 100 domains with four mailboxes per domain. And if that image looks like you, if I want to send 10K emails per day, how many mailboxes will I need in that meme? Then don't worry. I've created a calculator for you that's also going to be available in the resources so you can decide this for yourself. So this is what that calculator looks like. Say it takes you 500 emails to book a single call and you want 10 calls per day and you want to send 25 emails per mailbox per day or maybe you're you're confident you want to send 50. Hit go ahead and plug those in and hit calculate. And it's going to tell you, all right, I need to send 5,000 emails per day. I'm going to need a 100 mailboxes to do it and 25 domains. This is a really easy way to to get ahead of the question, what is scaling and how big do I need to scale? How big do I want to scale? So, use this calculator, but first you need to figure out what your J number is. Now, I'm a huge nerd for data and this is a a really important quote for me. You can't grow what you can't measure. So, it's not just important that you're tracking the replies that you're getting for each of your campaigns, but is it making you any money? Are these guys turning into calls? How can I justify investing $5,000 a month in cold email if after 3 months I don't know if it's made me any actual money? And it might look like it's working because you're getting replies, you're having conversations, they're booking calls, but what if none of them are closing? And that can happen for a lot of different reasons. So, what I want you to start doing just as a a good common practice is start using UTM parameters anytime that you share a link. For those of you that aren't familiar with UTM tracking parameters, it's just a little bit of jargon at the end of a URL. So, say I'm sharing a link to my homepage in a cold email or in an ad. If I want to track where that person came from, I can add different UTM parameters for each platform. So, if they came from cold email, if they came from Google Ads, Facebook ads, if they came from an organic YouTube, and I I do this. I add UTM parameters to all of my links, and there's different ones that you can use. Let's come into my notion database first. So, here's my UTM link builder that I swear by. My whole team uses this as well. You basically choose the URL that you want to link to. You place the UTM parameters, and there's a lot of different UTM parameters that you can use when you're building one of these tracking links. medium, source, campaign, term. And there's a couple that I even left out from this tracking parameter form because we don't use them. The more you use, the more refined that tracking gets. So maybe I care they came from from YouTube. But do I want to know what video in YouTube? I would do source YouTube and I would do campaign, you know, reverse lead magnet. So now I know that they came from a YouTube video and I know that they came from that reversed lead magnet video. Now, I'm not going to go too in depth in UTM tracking in this video. I do have a separate video about UTM tracking that I'm going to link for you in the resources. And you're also going to be able to copy my UTM link builder template as part of the package of resources for this master class. So, what I recommend that you do when you're sending cold emails is say they replied, they're interested, and you're sending them a calendar link. Throw this at the end of the calendar link. So, say this is the this is actually where I send people to book calls with me. So feel free to visit it. It's legendj.com/conult. So say this is the calendar link. You're just going to add question mark utm source utm_source equals and then inst like stands for instantly. It's just so I know they came from an instantly AI campaign. And I only use a one parameter source tracking. I don't need to get too granular. And for tracking leads from cold emails, all I need is their source. I need to know they came from cold email and that's it. So, UTM source equals inst. And then later on, you can report on that information. Go high level. I can create reports really easily about where my lead sources are coming from. Your CRM probably does it too. And if not, you can push them all into a Google sheet and report on it later. Now, if you're interested in getting better at tracking your leads, tracking your sales, tracking your calls, your attribution, your time to close, all that stuff is pretty technical and pretty nuanced. And I actually go into it much more in depth inside of my insiders program. So, if you really want to get better at that stuff, you got to join over there. But this is not a tracking and reporting course. It's a cold email course. So, I'm going to leave it there and let's move on to the next, which is how to scale cold email the right way. Now, this picture is actually done with a tool called Photo AI trained on my face and made me a Jedi. It's pretty damn cool, huh? All right, some quick notes. Do not increase the sending volume on the mailboxes past 50 per day. The lower number is better. it's safer and it's going to keep your spam complaints down. With that being said, you can go up to 50 per day per mailbox. Just do it slowly and make sure that it's not causing harm to the campaigns. So, as you do that ramp up, keep a close eye on your metrics and make sure it's not affecting anything. So, if you want to scale, meaning you want to send more cold emails and you're already at 50 per day or maybe you want to keep it at 25 to keep those mailboxes safe, you scale horizontally. What I mean by that is you add more mailboxes instead of increasing the sending volume. Now, a fully mature system for somebody that has a large total addressable market like ourselves have somewhere between 500 and 1,000 mailboxes. So, this is our Otter PR system. It's got 890 mailboxes. Let's do a little math and see what that actually costs if you were to pay the $3 per per mailbox per month. So, if you have 500 mailboxes, 500 * 3, that's 1,500 a month to send the capacity of emails that you want to send to have a mature system. That's still not bad at all. We spend 10 times that in ads. So, this is like a big price for running a cold email system. So, what your marketing looks like at scale, that is unbelievably affordable. I also recommend diversifying your infrastructure as you scale. So, what do I mean by that? Say you want to add a,000 mailboxes. It might not be the best idea to add all Google mailboxes at this point. I would actually suggest it because right now they're overperforming, but if this were 2024, more Microsoft mailboxes were crushing Google. And god forbid something happens to me, something happens to the Microsoft mailboxes, something happens to the SMTP service, and all of those go down. You don't want to be stuck with a machine that's dependent on a single provider. So, for that reason, I think as you scale, it's a good idea to diversify the infrastructure. Add some different companies, add some different providers. That way, you're mitigating your risk and actually improving the health of your system. Now, let's talk about your cold email management team. Because once you've got a thousand mailboxes in there and you've got hundreds of replies coming in every single week, you yourself are not going to be able to manage the whole thing. Especially once you've got a thousand mailboxes, keeping the emails sending requires a lot of new leads coming in and leads coming out. So, you're really going to need to build a team and to train them on the right way to do this. I actually have SOPs for this available inside my insiders program. That's where all of the the more advanced stuff is. So, if you're interested in using those to train your team, it's in there. So, what you're going to need is an operator that's in charge of scraping new leads and adding them into your campaigns. This is going to be someone responsible for building and maintaining those filters in Apollo, knowing what they've already scraped, what they need to scrape, cleaning that list, and then getting that data into your instantly campaigns. Someone should also be in there every day checking those important key metrics, making sure reply rates are solid, emails are going out, mailbox health is good. They should check the in inbox placement tests. There's a list of things that they should run through and check to make sure that everything is in good working order. And then finally, you should have somebody from your sales team in charge of managing the uni box. People need to get replied to quickly. It should be somebody that speaks the language natively, that is available in the same time zone, and that person's going to be in charge of converting interested leads into calls. Now, you can put somebody in charge of split testing, but honestly, if you're the one watching this video, it's going to be you that's in charge of split testing, coming up with new offers, coming up with new ideas, coming up with new copy variations. You should be in there deciding the winners and figuring out why it won and then what you want to test next. This is actually a good meme, too, because it really personifies diffusion of responsibility, which is what happens when you tell three people on your team to manage the unib. What ends up happening is they all think the other one's going to do it and ends up nobody does it. So, one person should be in charge of it. And you can use lead assignments and automations to have people in there, but make sure one person is managing and making sure that everybody is getting replied. A worthwhile warning here, you should scale slow and carefully. If you try and scale too fast before you're ready, before your team is ready, you're going to end up running into massive problems. You should especially be careful with who's in charge of managing the flow of leads into the system because if you lose track of how they're they're managing that process, you don't know how they're deciding what's already been scraped, where they're keeping that information, what list needs to get scraped next, and that person leaves or you have to let go of that person, you're going to have a hard time figuring out what leads have already been reached out to and what leads haven't. And make sure that when you scale, you do have good people on board to help you, especially with the lead flow. Because if you have too many mailboxes, you try and get to too much volume, but you don't realize how much it's going to cost to scrape and process those leads into the system. And you don't have somebody dedicated to do that for you. The system's just going to stop sending and you're going to be sitting there holding the bag paying for all of these mailboxes. So, make sure that you scale slowly and that your team is really ready for everything that's involved. Managing all of the replies and processing all of that new lead data. It's a ton of lead data. Some common issues to look out for, reply buildup. If this happens, stop scaling. It means your team's not replying fast enough and it's not converting to calls. Lead mismanagement. People are getting lost. People are getting not replied to. Super common issues. Lists running out. It's one of the most common issues. Make sure your team's ready to get those lists and keep them full. And then the more emails that you send with the same copy, the more likely it is that that copy gets burned out or flagged. So make sure that you're using lots of spin tax and actually using variations of the entire offer, an entire copy. As Steve Carell from the office says, mo inboxes, mo problems. All right, I want to give you a huge shout out for making it through the fundamentals portion of this master class. Now, for those of you who are advanced and you sat through all of that, thank you. I hope you learned some stuff. And in fact, I'm sure you learned some stuff. But now we get to get into some of the sex, some of the AI, some of the automation, some of the really interesting stuff that we're doing in our business that makes me feel like I'm living in 2030. It's all going to start. We're going to talk about some of the new tools, including Clay AI and AI personalization at scale. And if you're serious about B2B, you're serious about building cold email systems, this advanced stuff is really going to get you to that next level. And if you love the advanced stuff, you want to do more of it, join the insiders program because all of this stuff requires a lot of coaching, a lot of templates, a lot of fine-tuning, all of the stuff that happens inside of that program. And you'll see what I mean as we go through some of this stuff. This stuff is not easy, but it's worth learning, and I'm excited to share it with you. For over a decade, the gold standard in cold email was a team of BDRs that actually did research on a prospect and then wrote them onetoone personalized messages. Now, the reason this works so well is because a human was able to decide if that lead was actually a good fit and then write that person an email that could only be meant for that person. True personalization. But now that's all changed. Clay has enabled us to do AI qualification and AI personalization at scale. And if you can master it, no human BDR would stand a chance. Now, I'm excited. I can't wait to show you some of the insane workflows that we're building and using right now in Clay. And before we kick off, now that we're into the advanced section, I'm going to go ahead and put on my Lead Genj Ninja headband. So, if you already have one, go ahead and put it on with me. And if you want one, join the insiders program. And now we're ready to do some ninja cheese using Clay AI and personalization. And if you're serious about B2B lead genen, you're using Clay. Now, unfortunately, these buttholes don't give commission, so they are not going to be listed in my tool sheet. So, I don't have an affiliate link, but you'll be able to just go and get signed up on your own. So, why all this Clay hype? I'm sure it's not the first time you've heard of this tool. And if it is, here's why. Clay allows you to build complex workflows without really any technical skills. All the stuff that I'm building in NAN and Make that requires a lot of expertise and training and connecting different stuff. Well, in Clay, they really intended it just for B2B lead generation. So, you can connect all your different lead genen tools with all your own APIs all under one roof. And by patching all these different tools together, you can do just about anything you can imagine. The third reason Clay is a total game changer is they've basically hacked the AI models and they built something called claggents. These are AIs that actually go out onto the internet and do research for you and actually follow your instructions. they come back with information and help you personalize at scale using the information that they just went out and collected. And I'll show you why that's so powerful. And the last thing, and maybe the most important, is they give you a lot of free signal data to work off of. So part of your subscription to Clay is you get access to this signal data. They're collecting this on an ongoing basis. Job changes, new hires, and I'll show you some of the signals that you have to work with. So, if you're interested in building signal campaigns, which are massive for 2025, this is one of the easiest ways to do it. Now, one of the primary use cases for Clay is AI personalization at scale. So, let's talk about what that is for a second. AI personalization is essentially using information about a person or a company to write a personalized sentence or email. And since AI really hit the scene, people have been trying to crack this. And I used a lot of the early on tools, Line.AI, and they were total trash. But what it did is it allowed you to personalize at scale. Before AI, we were actually using humans overseas to go through line by line and write personalized sentences. Then we moved to these AI tools and now we've got a solution that's even better than humans. Using this new AI personalization, you can get detailed information about a business and even get like really granular about their problems. And you can even incorporate other tools to gather information about a business and then leverage that in the personalization. I'm going to show you some of these really advanced workflows where we're getting unbelievably personalized data such as their SER ranking or even issues with their websites that you can call out through these personalized tools. So, what's the end goal with AI personalization? Why even spend the time doing this? Well, if somebody thinks that that email was written specifically for them or that you actually did research into them before sending the email, then your reply rates automatically go up. And here's how to do AI personalization the right way. You want to not write the whole email with AI because it's too crazy. There's too much variation. What you want to do instead is create one sentence based on internet research that's not readily available on LinkedIn. You don't want to use like a company description or a LinkedIn description. Then you want to use AI to write only two to eight words, not the entire email. And you're going to use that research that the AI did to find something like their clients, their partners, their employees, case studies, recent news, or more. And if you do this right, this can massively boost your reply rates by up to 200%. I've seen it myself. So, some examples of good AI personalization. Saw you just partnered with Olay on a recent campaign. I really loved their creative angle. So, the only way for you to know that a company recently partnered with Olay is that they looked through your social media or looked through your website and found that specific partnership. That's not something that would be readily available on a company description. Or, I just picked up the latest issue of Entrepreneur magazine and I saw you're in it. loved the article about XYZ. Another one, looks like you have a security problem with your GitHub integration. Now, you might be thinking, how would you know that based on internet research? Well, there's a lot of tools that you can plug in to Clay. Tools that can scan your website for vulnerabilities. Tools that can see what your SER, your search engine ranking placement is on Google, and then say what that is. It can scan your social medias. There's a lot of stuff that I'm going to show you that that are going to blow your mind and the possibilities are endless. Lastly, saw your Facebook ad offering X. So, if you call out a specific Facebook ad, most people don't do that. That information is not readily available. Makes them think that you did your research. Now, word of caution here. Even with Clay, it's really easy to do AI personalization wrong. If somebody knows an email was written with AI, it actually hurts your campaign, not helps. That's one of the main reasons you want to avoid using AI writing the entire email. The more words the AI generates, the more likely it is to get something wrong or give away that it it written by an AI. Also, a word of caution to be careful with the data sources that you use. If it pulls the wrong information from that data source and you say there's an issue with someone's GitHub integration and they're like, I don't use GitHub, you're marked as spam and it's going to kill your campaign. So, some examples of bad AI and this is stuff that we used to do. Go Gators. Like obviously you can see where I went to undergrad on LinkedIn. If it's readily available, it's not good. I admire your company's ability, too. That's clearly something written by AI. So, the copy itself matters a lot as well. And the ease of accessibility of the information matters a lot, too. So, if you read that second one, I admire your company's ability to generate leads for other businesses, as an example. Like, duh, you can find that out with basic business description. So, it's more likely that that's written by AI than the examples from the last slide. Now, I'm very passionate about this. Do you need AI personalization? The answer is absolutely hell no. Some of my best campaigns don't have any AI personalization at all. But we still use Clay for them. And I'm going to show you exactly how in just a little bit. If you use AI wrong, it can hurt more than help. So, if you're not a pro and you're not using the right AI personalization, don't do it at all or test it against a wellperforming control. You need to remember that the fundamentals are much more important than the fancy stuff. Everything you learn from here to the end is going to be useless if you don't understand the fundamentals. And lastly, if you're going to do AI personalization, same thing as building a lead list, you need to actually look at the results. Look at what it generates for you and then read a hundred of them. If nine out of 10 are accurate and well-written, then you're good. But you'd be shocked how many times you run an AI prompt on a 100 leads and half of them are giving either inaccurate information. It sounds like AI or it fails completely. That's not a usable prompt. You can't use that AI personalization. Now, one thing that Clay really does help with is offer niching. So, what do I mean by offer niching? Yes, I do B2B lead generation, but wouldn't it be really cool if I specialized in B2B lead generation for staffing and recruiting companies, and I also specialized in it for cyber security companies, and I also specialized in it for marketing agencies. And to be frank, I kind of do, but talking to each of those different segments, you want to use different case studies, you want to use different examples, you want to use different pain points and problems. And there's probably 20 other segments that are really important to me where I have good case studies and good results for. So instead of creating 20 different campaigns all with different copy and then scraping different lists and putting them into those 20 campaigns, with Clay, I can just dump data into a single table and then it does all of the matching for me. And we use the same strategy for Otter PR, but a little bit different. One of our best performing campaigns for OtterPr actually offers a specific publication. Now, when I'm reaching out to tech companies, what do you think works better, Forbes or Techrunch? That might be not the best example because everybody wants Forbes, but if I reach out with a techspecific outlet, it's probably going to convert better. When I reach out to a fashion company, I want to use a fashion outlet. Now, instead of having a bunch of different campaigns with a bunch of different copy, now I can use Clay to just dump data, have it choose the best fit publication, and insert that as a personalization into the campaign. That way I can have one giant campaign and Clay is doing the heavy lifting. And I'll show you how we're using that in Outer PR. And the same thing is said for case studies. If I want to reach out to 20 different segments and I have 20 different case studies or maybe I have a generic case study that I can use for half of my leads, but anytime I reach out to a recruiting company, I really want to show them this case study. Well, it'll do that for you. It'll find the right case study for the lead you're reaching out to, and you can insert it as a personalization. So, Clay allows you to do this at scale and it really streamlines your workflow a lot. Do you need Clay? Big question because it's not a cheap tool. We'll talk about cost in just a second. The answer is no. If you do want to do these advanced automations, you can do the same stuff with Zapier, N8N or Make. And as you just learned, make essentially is free. NADN essentially is free if you use the community version. So, you can accomplish a lot of the same stuff. Clay just makes it easier to put it all into one place and you get to leverage a lot of their data. Even if you want to do the AI personalization with the web research, the qualification, the catch all verification, you can do all of that in make or NAND. Clay just makes it so much easier. Now, let's talk about pricing for just a second. If you want to use Clay for a scaled cold email system, then you're going to need to be on at least their $300 per month plan. Let me talk to you about the pricing just really quickly, but if you're interested in learning a lot more about Clay and how it all works. I've got a full master class with templates inside of the Insiders program, you should know what you're getting yourself into. So, they've got a bunch of different tiers. The only one that really makes sense and they they did this really strategically is their explorer plan, which is 350 a month if you pay monthtomonth. That's not super cheap. And they give you credits with that. Those credits are essentially to use Clay's data. If you pay this 350 a month, you get one feature unlocked that's unbelievably important, which is integrating with your own a APIs and web hooks. By integrating your own APIs, now you can run basically unlimited AI prompts inside of Clay without using their credits. So, you don't even need their credits in most of these cases. Even though it gives you 10K per month, you can essentially get away with not using any of them at all. So, if you're not super tech-savvy and you want to launch signal automations, you want to do this stuff, I definitely do recommend using Clay. So, here's how a standard Clay workflow typically goes. You'll grab the lead list from Apollo trusted leads. You'll have, you know, 10 to 100,000 leads. Push them into a clay table. And a clay table, just think about it like a Google sheet. You're pushing leads into that sheet. And each column is essentially a different automation or equation. and it helps you manipulate that data and run automations on that data. Uh I'm going to show you how it all works in just a second. You use clients to qualify the list. This is one of the first things that we do. So going through each lead and deciding whether or not that person is a good fit to continue through the rest of the automation and continue into my campaign. You want to use million verifier or whatever verification tool you want first to make sure that it's a valid email address. If it's a catch-all or unknown, you can then do catchall verification with find email or any other catchall verification tool that you want to use. And then after that, you can do more advanced stuff like AI personalization. You can pull other tools into the mix. Let me walk you through a standard clay table for lead genen J and for Otter Peel. All right. So, my goal for you with this clay workflow is really just to show you what's possible and I'm going to give you a standard template to use if you do want to use clay. This is kind of my go-to template that doesn't have any of the fancy stuff because it can apply to just about everybody. Everybody will be able to use this template and build on it. So, the template has a couple of things. You want a qualification step. So, this is what it looks like when you import data. We imported about 20,000 records and it looks kind of like a Google sheet, right? We got names, titles, emails, LinkedIn, and then as you come to the right, you'll see the tops of these columns have specific things in them. There are different types of actions that are happening within this table. So let's talk about this first column. The first thing that I want to do inside this clay table is figure out if it's actually a good lead or not. So we're going to use a clay agent for web research. Use case web research clayent by selecting web research that allows it to actually go scrape the web and find stuff out. For model we want to use 40 mini. This is going to cost the the least amount and it's the most accurate. This is why you need to be on that 350 per month plan. If you're not, you're stuck with using Clay's managed OpenAI account, which is one credit per call for 40 Mini, which would be totally unreasonable. If I wanted to process this whole list, I wouldn't even be able to do this first step in the table if I wasn't on their paid plan. So then you're going to use this prompt. Remember, all prompts and tables are going to be available to you in the resources to really just go through this lead and pull some basic information. And there's some information I'm looking for for it to pull. And then I use that information in the next step to decide whether or not that person is a good fit for me to reach out to or not. So this actually just runs an additional AI qualification step. This one use case or modify content. I don't need it to scrape the web because this one already did. Now I'm just using that info to decide if they're a good fit for PR services or not. Now this is what I wanted to show you. This is crazy. About half of the leads that we uploaded are actually qualified. And this is what you'll probably get even if you're experienced in building a list. So the other half that I would have reached out to if not for Clay would be highly likely to report me as spam and decrease my overall reply rates. So if you're wondering why why our reply rates are so high, this is one of the reasons. So next step here, this is a custom API call that we do to million verifier. Now we spoke about million verifier earlier. One of the issues with using million verifier here is you need to do a custom API call to million verifier. So, anytime you see that rainbow, that's essentially what that is. And it's giving me 200, which just means success. And then we're pulling that result, which is okay, as a new column here. Now, what's great about clay, as you can see, run condition not met. So, we're programming this to only run if qualified is is true. That way, we're saving credits and we're not spending a lot of time and resources on people that were never a good fit in the first place. Now, one of the great things about Clay because it looks like, oh, I don't know how to write JSON or figure out if that's correct. anywhere in this process for those of you that aren't techsavvy. All you have to do is come into generate use AI and then type in what you want what you want it to do and it's going to generate that formula for you. It makes it unbelievably easy at every step including making API calls. Now, I could spend hours and hours going through each individual thing about Clay. That's all done inside of my program. So, for now, you should just know this is the template. This is the workflow that you should use if you decide to use Clay. So, what we're going to get here is a bunch of good emails. There might be some bad emails, but you're going to see a lot of catch all emails. These catch alls are ones that we wouldn't normally email, but because we're using this clay workflow, I've got a find email step here that's verifying these catchalls in real time. So, as you can see, three out of four of those are valid. This one was invalid. These steps are just merging those valid emails. And this one was invalid, but a qualified lead. So, I'm actually finding their true email with find email. So, now I've got all of these valid emails kind of ready to start emailing. Now, I can start what I was talking about earlier, which is finding the best PR outlet to send them in the cold email campaign. So, that's essentially what this is doing. This prompt has a list of outlets that we typically use and then it goes through their company information and matches it with the best fit outlet. And here are a list of those outlets that it's using. And then this step is actually writing a PR article title for them based on another prompt. So this is one of the AI personalizations that we're using. And I recommend that you get really creative with the ones that you use. So when we're reaching out and we say, "Hey, I want to write an article for you in VentureB. Here's the the title I'm thinking. What do you think?" That's a really good personalized email cuz it incorporates their company in a way that they wouldn't normally expect. It's a cold email that they've probably never received before and it feels like somebody took the time to actually put together a title for them and genuinely wants to write that article. Finally, the last step is to add them directly into an instantly campaign. And now we don't have to have a ton of different campaigns with different outlets for different industries. It can all go into the exact same campaign. That table does everything we need it to. It qualifies them to make sure they're actually a good lead. That'll reduce your list size by about 50%. adds AI personalization in a really creative and unique way, does research into their company, and then runs our prompt that comes up with AI personalization we know that works, verifies the catch all emails so we can maximize the number of good leads we're reaching out to, and then it adds them directly into an instantly campaign. So, we don't have to do anything except push the lead list into Clay and let it do its thing. Now, I told you I wasn't going to do a full Clay walkthrough, and I'm not. I just wanted to show you some of the stuff that they give you in terms of signals. So, let's come into signals and see what are some of the stuff that's offered up here at top. If you want to do job changes, new hires, job postings, promotions, news and fundraising, and then custom signals, these are all really easy ways to latch on to these signals without you having to build separate automations to find them. And then you can run workflows based on this data. And Clay does a really good job at keeping this populated with new data. So if you don't want to do like appy to nadn to monitor for new hires or new job postings, you can use the clay native data and it's going to be much better than the Apollo data. So let's go ahead and see what kind of templates are available to us and this is going to be a good tell for like what's possible with Clay. So some of the advanced stuff that Clay makes it really easy to do. Search with Google Maps. So instead of building a Google map scraper, you can do it right here. Find key decision makers at target companies. So, if you're looking to reach out to Fortune 500 companies, this is something that you can use. Discovering open roles, uncover job openings from company websites, recently hired decision makers, this is actually one that we kind of just talked about. You know, if you're selling a marketing offer to big companies, it's much easier to sell it to newly hired CMOs, transforming personal emails to work emails, so it's really good at data enrichment. Just a lot of great stuff that helps you automate a lot of things that would normally be really hard. I'm going to go ahead and click new and I'm going to do a new workbook. And within a workbook, you can have different tables. It's like having subshets in a Google spreadsheet. So, I'm going to go ahead and click add. And then there's different ways to populate a table with data. Now, normally you'll just be importing it from CSV from your Apollo, but there's a lot of other stuff that you can do here like pulling it in from a web hook. So, maybe you are running an automation and you want to shoot people into your clay table for processing. I actually do this quite a bit and it works well. But if you scroll down, you can look at all of these different ways that you can pull in data. Find lookalike companies with Ocean.io. They've got a native Clay integration. So you don't have you don't have to sign up for the platform. You can just do it automatically here. So it's really good for finding ideas, too. If you don't know how to find your lead list, pull leads in from Phantom Buster, you can pull them directly from Ampify. You can pull them from social media. So there's just a lot of cool stuff that you can do within Clay. And if you want the template for that standard workflow, it's going to be inside of the resources. But if you want templates for a lot of the more advanced workflows that we're doing within Clay, those are a lot more specialized. They're going to be inside of the insiders program, each of those templates requires instructions, and you need to know why I'm doing certain things, using certain prompts, and how to customize it for yourself. All right. Now, I just wanted to show you something really cool that's possible with Clay. Now, we talked about really custom enrichments, finding website vulnerabilities, SER rankings, scraping social media posts, and really just using data about a company that's not generally accessible. And if you can find something specific to use and then write the personalization based on what you learn in in that specialized data, then you're going to have a really easy time getting people to reply because they're going to think you did research on them and then wrote the personalization. So, here's a good example. This is a platform called Tel Aviv that we're using to go through somebody's website and identify all of the vulnerabilities. So, we're starting the scan, getting the scan results, and then feeding the scan results to ChatGpt to actually write a personalization based on the vulnerability scan. Now, we use this same strategy for all of our cyber security clients and it works unbelievably well. So, if you can find a strategy like this, so for example, say you're an SEO company and instead of scanning vulnerabilities, maybe you're scanning their current search rankings and you give them that in the cold email, then there's a really good chance that they think you took the time to do the research and then write the cold email. So, no matter who you're reaching out to or what your offer is, chances are there's something like this that you can come up with to really stand out in your industry and make your prospect think that you took the time, spent the money, took the resources to give them something valuable inside of that cold email. So, that's the real power of Clay. Makes it unbelievably useful, especially if you know what other tools that you can add to really get the most bang for your buck. The single biggest shift in cold email strategy in 2025 is the use of signals. Using modern lead genen tools, we can now solve one of the oldest problems in cold email. That problem is that you have no reason to email somebody other than to sell something and they know it. But now by using a signal, you have something to say other than, "Can I tell you about my thing?" And instead of just hoping that a prospect is a good fit, if you use a signal, you make damn sure that they are. This is how to use signal workflows and build automations that add leads into your campaign on autopilot utilizing various different signals. So, there are some different requirements to run signal workflows. This is not for the faint of heart. First, you're going to need a source of the signal that has accurate and recent data. It needs to be correct and it needs to be timely. The second thing you need is a way to push that data into your cold email system. If you're going to use signals, then you need to automate them. And I'm going to show you how to do that really easily. You need an automation to validate, clean, and qualify the leads just like you would pulling data from Apollo. And we're going to talk about some of the common tools used to run these signal workflows like make.com, Clay, Naden, Apify, and Trigify. Benefits of using signals. Well, they're much more relevant emails. They actually do need your thing. They're doing something in the world that causes this signal to trigger that makes you think that they're a good fit. You get a much higher reply rate. This is how you activate that 5 to 20% reply rate range. You get much better personalization if you're using a signal. You actually have something to say other than buy my thing. And you can use the information from that signal to write an AI personalization that actually converts. And then if you know what you're doing, and you will by the end of this module, you'll be able to automate the lead flow from that signal all the way into your instantly campaign. What about the downsides of using signals? Well, they can be somewhat complex to set up. They can require costly software. In fact, usually they do. And you might go through all the effort and stress of setting one of these signal workflows up and you've probably got a 50% chance that it still doesn't work as well as your control campaign where you're just pulling Apollo data, cleaning it, and putting it inside of instantly. So my recommendation, especially if you're a beginner, is not to try and do this first. You should validate your offer first using the fundamentals and then once you've mastered that and you have a good performing control campaign, then you can try and use some of these signals. All right, so now I want to walk through some of the most common signal workflows that you can use and I'll tell you a little bit about how you can start building them. The first, and this is a really popular one, is the job listing signal workflow. So why is this workflow so powerful? Say your company is has a job listing open for business development representatives and that job description is they want that person to do cold prospecting and outreach. Well, if I'm trying to generate leads for my cold email offer and I see that you're hiring for that role and I could automate what that person does, what it's telling me is that you're willing to invest in hiring a person to solve that problem, which tells me that you have that problem and you have money to invest and it's a pain point of yours. So instead of just guessing that a company needs help with B2B lead generation because they sell to businesses, now they're actually signaling to me that they have that problem and they're willing to invest in. Now there's a couple easy ways to set up this specific signal workflow. The first and easiest is going to be in Clay. So if you come in to the start here and you say find jobs, you can actually filter by the job that you're looking for. And the way to think about this is you really want to find specific jobs and locations where the company is signaling that they're trying to solve the problem that that position would fill. So that BDR is a good example. What about my PR firm? Well, what I might want to do is find companies hiring people that help with media, public relations, communications. But what am I going to get if I search for that specific role? This is a big mistake that people often make. If I try and find companies hiring publicists, I'm going to get a ton of PR agencies. So, I want to exclude specific industries as well. And you can do most of that within Clay. Sometimes you got to get a little bit creative. Now, the thing to note here is if you're using Clay or or really anything to find job data, it's not going to give you the person's email address to reach out to like you're scraping Apollo. So, therefore, you need to enrich that data. You're going to have the usually company URL, company name, but you're not going to know who the decision maker is at that company to reach out to. To do that, you need to enrich the data, typically using a clay table or another automation. Another way that you can set this up is using Appify to scrape LinkedIn jobs on a day-to-day basis. That way, you're actually getting the most recent data for that job posting, probably even more recent than Clay. Almost definitely more recent than Clay. And you're also not going to need Clay if you do it that way. Now, I'm not going to walk you through exactly how to build each of these signal automations because each of them is really in-depth, probably takes an hour. I do have that training available to you inside of my insiders program if you do want to take advantage of that. My goal here is just to make you aware of these and kind of point you in the right direction if it's something that you want to do. So, some more information about this one. You're going to need to find the decision maker at that company and you're going to need to need to get their email address, verify it, and then you'll use the job description to write a personalized email or first line and then add that into your instantly campaign. But the most important thing is that you're getting an up-to-date list of the job listings. Recency is really important here. Apollo is too late. Clay is okay. Appify is better. Make sure that you're excluding your competitors. So in my PR agency example, I want to exclude other PR agencies. All right, so that's the job listing signal workflow. Works really well and it's a good first one for you to set up if you're interested in signals because Clay makes it really easy to just go ahead and get started. Let's talk about one of my personal favorites and that's the social signal workflow. So 2025 this has blown up for me. It's been unbelievably powerful. What a social signal workflow is is when somebody comments or likes on a LinkedIn post about a specific subject or maybe by a specific creator, what they're doing is signaling to me that they're interested in that topic. They're interested in that subject or maybe they're interested in that creator. I'm learning a lot about that person by their engagement in that post and with that content. And as an added benefit, if they leave a comment, now I have something to say about their comment. But why this is so powerful is because if I monitor LinkedIn now, I've got a lot of their professional information as well. And if I have their LinkedIn profile, I can most likely find their email address. So how this works, I want to monitor specific content, specific creators, find people engaging with their posts. I want to find their email addresses, and then I want to write personalizations based on the subject they commented on, about their comments, and about that creator. Now, I have a lot to say specifically to that person. And if I've got a good LinkedIn presence, then this makes everything cake. And by the way, if you're following the same creator and you can say something about a creator that you both like, now you have instant rapport and you automatically build trust with that person. Then you can use something like Clay or NAN to automate that person into your Instantly AI account. Let me show you a little bit about how this workflow works. So this is a tool called Trigify. It makes the social listening really easy. You can add specific creators to follow and then anytime someone engages with that creator's post, Triggerify is scraping those LinkedIn posts and bringing those profiles into this table. Now I can really quickly, as you can see, that's already got the clay next to it. These are already getting pushed into my clay table for processing. So this is one of the creators that I'm targeting. His name is Benjamin. He does a lot of marketing content. And look, Felipe from Instantly also commented here. So it's pulling all of his engagers into this list and then it's sending them into my clay table. Now, I show you how to set this up in depth inside of my program, but let's just go into my Clay table so you can see what actually happens when these leads are pushed from Trigify and into Clay. So, it receives these web hooks from Clay and I get all of this data. I get the LinkedIn post that they commented on. I get their company information, their industry, their job title, and then the first thing that I want to do once I'm done processing their data, this is the end of the data I receive, is qualify them. Are they a good fit for my offer or not? And that prompt is going to change based on who you sell to and what you sell. So, I'm not going to go through the prompt too much. All I really want is a yes or a no. If it's a yes, as you can see, it's like maybe 30% yeses, maybe 20%. Then I want to find the LinkedIn author. Then I want to find their email address. I'm using ICPS to do that. Then I want to validate their email address. Oops, it was a catchall. Find email did it and got their correct email address. It looks like ICPS was right both times on both of these. Then you want to write your personalization and add directly to instantly. Now this runs pretty much on autopilot. So it's looking at these signals, pushing people into my campaign, and I know that all of the people who are leaving those comments or liking those posts are in fact interested in the content and the topic and lead generation. And we have instant rapport because we're following the same LinkedIn creators. It's also great for driving people to my LinkedIn profile cuz I usually just drop my LinkedIn at the end of that email. It builds trust. Now they go and follow me on LinkedIn as well. Now, you can set up that same signal workflow using Ampify and NAND. So, you don't have to pay for Trigify. I think Trigify, I pay about $150 a month for this specific use case, but I could automate that with Appify as well. All right, let's talk about company signals. So, we kind of touched on this earlier when we were talking about list building. You know, recently funded, company growing, IPO, likely. These are all really good signals to use if the data is accurate and especially if it's timely. So, if you're too late on a recent funding, it's you may as well not use it at all. So, what if you do want to use these signals? What if you think it's a really good idea? You want to target people with recent funding, you need to make sure that you're first to the data. And one of the best ways to do that is use the source that most of these other data aggregators like Clay or Apollo are using. You want to use Crunchb and you want to scrape it every day. All right. So, let's go to Crunchb. We're in Crunchb. This is the source of the data. Crunch is the one collecting it. So now we're going to come into signals under companies and see what we actually have to work with. We've got heat scores, growth events, growth predictions, funding predictions. These are companies that they think are going to get funding. IPO predictions, news insights, meaning this company was recently in the news, acquisition prediction, no layoffs reported, leadership hire. These are really good signals that we can use and they're at the source. So this is where the source comes from. So what if I wanted to automate this? I wanted to scrape new signals that are funding prediction very likely and I want to put this into a clay table or into an NADN automation. Well, this is where you really want to reach for something like Ampify. And I use this for everything. I'm on their like $500 per month plan. I use this like crazy, but there's almost nothing that you can't scrape here. So, if I go to the Appify store and I type in CrunchBase, this will let me automatically pull data from CrunchBase and put it basically wherever I want using web hooks and API calls. So, a couple questions to ask yourself. What is the source of the data? And then, how do I scrape the data and get it into my campaign? So, there's specific workflows that I use. I really just copy and paste them now because they're all relatively the same. This is how those workflows typically run. Every day at a certain time frame, it'll run the actor and start the scraping. It'll wait, see if it's done, and then get the data from that scrape. Can filter by time frame, so you're only getting the most recent data. And then you're databasing, so you're checking whether or not you've used that company yet. If not, you're going to go ahead and run an AI prompt to qualify that lead, make sure they're a good fit. If they are a good fit, they proceed. If they're not, they add them to the database so you don't use it again. And if it proceeds, now you can go ahead and do research, write copy, and then add it to a sheet or add it to your Instantly AI account. Now, if you're interested in learning how to do this and getting templates for this, again, get into that insiders program. That's where all of that detailed step-by-step workflows are going to live. Now, one of the things that you're going to have to master if you want to use signals is enrichment. So, a lot of these signals don't give you the decision maker's email. You need to figure out who that decision maker is, and then you need to figure out how you're going to get their email address. So, with this Crunchb example, you're not typically going to get their CEO's name and their email address. You're just going to have the organization name. So using that, you're going to have to find the decision maker. And you can use tools like find email or even Apollo's API to do that. Or if you want, you can always use your clay credits. I just want to reiterate, once you understand this basic idea of signals and how it works, the sky's is the limit. There's almost nothing that you can't create. You're monitoring the internet for some sort of event. You can get lots of ideas just by going in Clay and playing around or by watching my videos. And then once you understand how to build these workflows, you can latch on to just about any signal you can imagine. So my spam inbox signal that I I've talked about extensively is one perfect example of that. A PR award workflow. So I run a PR agency. What's a good tell to me that somebody cares about their PR? Well, if they're winning a PR award somewhere else. So how would I know that? Well, I can monitor Google to see new award announcements. It's a really easy search to do. And in fact in Ampify you can come in and say run a Google news scraper once a day and see if any new awards have been announced. Business awards, entrepreneurship awards, you name it. And then I can scrape those articles to find the winners and then enrich them from there. So once you understand that basic principle, there is nothing that you can't build. All right. Now some recommended tools if you want to start using signals. Clay makes everything a little bit easier. You might not be able to do everything with Clay, but even if you can't use the signal on Clay or use their data, a lot of times you want to push your own signal data into Clay to do the rest of the job. So you're not relying on these giant nadn or make.com automations to like verify the emails and write the personalization. You can just do it really quickly in clay. Aify.com. Highly recommend using this. This is what I use for most of my automations. And you can get a huge discount on that by going to my software vault. And then you'll probably need either make.com or nadn if you're feeling a little bit more advanced. But you can get 12 months for free on make.com using my link in the software vault. Or you can install nadn on your own instance or you can use nadn and it's super affordable. You can also consider using additional tools like triggery for those LinkedIn social signals. You can also use ampify for that. And then you might want to think about getting subscriptions to CrunchBase if you want to use their appy scrapers because most of those appy scrapers do require you to have a pro license so that you can basically import your cookie and scrape from your account. Another new company I'm working with is called Audience Lab. Uh to be fair, I haven't tested this data yet, but in here you can actually build audiences based off of intent. So we saw inside of Apollo they have those buyer intent signals. Well, inside of audience lab, you can actually get much more granular with them. So, I'm going to come into intent. I'm going to come into pre-made B2B, and I want to find companies who are interested in lead generation. So, let's just say lead management. And there's lots of different intent filters that you can use. Then you can hyper segment by specific job titles and a lot of other factors. And it will generate an audience for you based on those intent signals. and then you can push them into your clay table or your automation using web hooks. This is the most promising solution that I found for buyer intent data and I'll get back to you on whether or not this is effective or not, but I'll will tell you that the Apollo buyer intent data is not effective. All right, this is just a note that if you're interested in implementing a lot of those more advanced signal workflows that I just mentioned, all of those things are available in my insiders program. That's where we can really get into the weeds, give you templates that you agree not to share and distribute, and I can walk you through step by step how to actually implement them. So, if you're interested in joining the Insiders program, it's just leadgenj.com/insiders. And it's not just for advanced stuff. It takes you all the way from beginner to advanced. We do free mailbox setup. You get free unlimited use of all of our copywriting tools. There's a lot of modules and lessons in there that I do not teach on YouTube that are still too sensitive for YouTube. So, definitely consider joining. The price goes up every quarter. And make sure that you check the free school community. Join that first. Inside this resources document, you're going to find a discount code for the insiders. Make sure that you join that to get that discount code if you do want to join. And I never do discount codes. Okay. Now, next, I want to talk to you about something really advanced and really fun, which I'm really excited about in 2025. I'm using this like crazy and a lot of people are paying me a lot of money to install this for them. And that is reply automations. We're going to be walking through some different levels of this. Even if you're not that advanced, I'm going to give you some workarounds to build some of these reply automations. And if you're interested in learning how we're doing what I call the reply JII. Can't wait to show you how it works. Let's dig in. One of my greatest contributions to the cold email world has been in AI reply automations. See, in 2024, I designed version one of a system that could reply to every cold email on autopilot. And the replies were instant. They were personalized and they converted three times better than our team of BDRs. And since then, more than 150 cold email agencies and high volume cold emailers have installed this same system and watched their own booked calls skyrocket. In this module, I'm going to show you how it's built and where to get the blueprint to install this yourself. But I want you to remember getting replies is only half the battle. Converting replies is what this is all about. This is reply automations. how to use AI automation to manage your cold email replies. So, a quick overview first just to kind of set the pace. Reply automation is triggering an action when a reply is received inside of Instantly. And as you already know, the sooner that you reply to that lead, the higher the chance of success. In fact, if you reply within 30 minutes, you actually have a 60% higher chance of converting that lead into a call. And automations can help assist you in getting to replies fast, doing the research, and even sending the replies automatically. So, there's three levels of reply automation that I'm going to be going through, ending with my replyji system. But you don't have to get super advanced to utilize AI in your replies. As I showed you earlier, Instantly actually has a built-in feature to help automate replies using AI. You can get app notifications and then if you trust it, you can enable AI inbox manager directly in instantly to start handling those conversations for you. And you can do all of that without needing NAN or make or understanding how to build AI models or write prompts. All of that can happen automatically inside of Instantly. And just to kind of reiterate, let's go back into the Instantly dashboard and show you where all this stuff lives. So coming into Instantly, let's go into settings. We want to make sure your preferences are set up to enable some of these features. So, we're going to go to preferences. We're going to go to AI automations and make sure that all of these are on except AI inbox manager. You want to automatically suggest replies with OpenAI. You ought to enable these positive reply notifications. And then you really want to start saving all of those snippets inside of the UniBox and then using the snippets when you're interacting. You also want to make sure that you have your OpenAI connected. So, if you come to integrations and apps, connect your OpenAI here. You're going to want to add your API key. And if you don't already have one, you're going to need to know how to make one for this and for lots of other stuff. All right, so that's the beginner level. Nobody should have an excuse not to be able to at least use those features. Now, let's talk about the middle level. If you're intermediate, this is something that would be really useful, and I kind of touched on this earlier, but you can build your own reply automations inside of Zapier or Make or NAND. Now, if you're a beginner, I recommend using make.com, and you can get that 12 months for free as part of my insiders program. I want you to take a look at the automation to your right. That's going to be available to you to copy inside of the resources. But what does this automation do? Well, it catches the new replies inside of instantly. And you actually don't even need to use the web hooks. I like doing it because it gives you a little bit more control. But if you actually come into make.com and started from scratch here, they actually have native instantly integrations. So you can watch for these events and create the web hooks directly within make. They have instantly integrations. So when apply comes in, this gets triggered and then you can take several actions from there. So the actions that I'm typically using are I want to do research onto that person. I have their website. I typically have their company name and I can have Perplexity go out and do a search on them and come back with specific information that I can use to generate a targeted reply. So once I have that research and I want to generate a reply that my team can use, I will actually add a module for OpenAI and you're going to have a template for this. See, OpenAI assistants are really easy for even beginners to train and to give information to. The benefit of using an assistant is because now you can call specific files that that assistant has access to. And this is all going to be available to you as well as the YouTube video to watch and the blueprint inside of the resources. But what you're going to do is you're going to call your assistant that's already trained on your knowledge base, how to respond to different situations, your reply database, if you will. And by the way, guys, if you want help drafting replies, that is another lead magnet that we have. All you have to do is upload your sequence or give us some information about your company and we'll actually find the most common questions that people are likely to ask, find the answers to those questions, and write how you should present them as a cold email reply and send you a list of those replies so you can just import them as templates. So, if you're interested in that, again, it's all going to be in the resources for you. So, this is going to draft the reply that's going to create the response. It's going to database it inside of Google Sheets and then it's going to send an email to your team and that email is typically going to go to your salesperson and it's going to have a link to the uni box to go reply. It's going to have the research and it's going to have the suggested reply that you can send to the lead inside of instantly. And of course, the templates are going to be available for you inside of the course mastery notes. Just to kind of recoup how this automation works, it catches all of the incoming replies, does research, it messages an OpenAI assistant that's already trained on my knowledge base and how to respond to certain situations. Again, detailed information about training is going to be in that YouTube video. It uses that to draft its most likely reply. Then it databases it in Google Sheets and sends it to my team to quickly go act on that lead with a draft reply in hand, with research on hand, and a direct link to the UniBox. But let's be honest, this is what most of you are here for, and that's learning how the replyji automation works. Now, this is a fully autonomous solution that creates personalized replies at scale. There's a human check step, so it doesn't just send them automatically. You can either elect to approve them or have them sent immediately and automatically. It utilizes AI agents that are trained on on historical replies to create the perfect reply every time. It's fully customizable for various use cases like my reverse lead magnet. If they say a trigger word or it reads the conversation and decides that they are saying yes to my reverse lead magnet, it triggers that workflow. What's crazy is that it's fully trainable. It gets better the more feedback that you give it. And there's built-in mechanisms so you can quickly train it if it ever gets something wrong. And of course, it integrates with notion or air table so that you can actually check and make sure that each reply is correct. So this is the replyji 2.0. 0. I'm going to be walking you through a little bit about how I set this up. But what's so powerful about this system is that it utilizes two things. It uses AI agents and the knowledge base inside of those agents, but it also utilizes instantly's API. Now, to make API calls, we're talking to and from Instantly. So, I can get the thread and then I can respond directly in that thread. So, you never even have to log into Instantly to check the replies. So, here's how this workflow works. We've got a web hook just like in make.com that's catching all of the replies. We're then making an API call to instantly to get information about that thread. We're then using AI agents to first categorize the conversation. Yes, Instantly tags them as interested or not interested, but I'm interested in getting a little bit more granular than that. So, I have a few different categories that I want the AI to to batch somebody into. And it uses my specific prompt instead of whatever prompt instantly uses to label them. It actually uses the one specific to me that is going to work for most of you to batch them into these different buckets. The first one is interested replies. Is this person interested in having a conversation? Should I reply to this person? If they're interested, it gives them that interested tag. And then this is really where the magic happens, creating that reply. This wasn't really possible before NAND's AI agents, but now it's unbelievably easy to do this in a single step. This AI agent will do research on the lead with Perplexity tool. It'll keep a memory of recent chats with that thread. So maybe this isn't the first time that they've replied. Maybe it's the third time and you're in an ongoing conversation. Using the memory, it's actually going to know the entire history of that chat. We're using the cloud model to write the best copy. And we're using the superbase knowledge base to quickly recall previous training, previous conversations, and always come up with the perfect reply. After that, it converts it to HTML, which is the format that you need to send back to instantly. and then creates a notion page, which I'm going to show you exactly what that looks like now. So, all of that information is now sent into notion so that my team can take action. And you'll see a bunch of different stuff going on here. Let me explain to you how this all works. On the left hand side, this is the category, the label that that lead gets assigned, the last message that they sent, the AI reply that we came up with. This good column is the trigger column. So, my team is really just coming in here and selecting the best response, whether that message was delivered to them successfully, and then additional information that's being collected inside of notion. But all my team has to do is come in here and these good columns will be blank. They'll read the AI reply. They'll read the last message if they want. And then if they want to send it, all I have to do is, hey, good. Now, what's great here is you'll see a lot of these send AI sequence. This is my reverse lead magnet. So what's happening inside of ReplyJI based on the category that it assigns, it's choosing which direction to send that lead. So for custom paths, this is where I'm sending my send AI sequence, my reverse lead magnet. So what's happening is it's giving them a tag and the best part is there is no check step for my team because it automatically designates that as send AI sequence and it immediately triggers an additional automation for that reverse lead magnet. So, let's talk about some of the other paths and why this is so powerful. If they say no or they're not interested, I'm interested in more than just knowing whether they said no or not. I'm interested in what type of no. I kind of mentioned this earlier, replying to the soft nos. That's what this is all about. So, if it's a soft no, it categorizes them as soft no and still generates a reply for them. It's not going to expend all the resources and doing a bunch of research and accessing the knowledge base. It's just going to be a really simple soft note template. And this is right almost 100% of the time. And I could send this directly back to the lead without having to go into notion. And then hardno is another important automation because it labels them hard no. It deletes the lead and it adds them to a block list. This is how the first step of the replyji automation works. But there is a second really important step to actually deliver those cold emails. Now, it would be actually be much easier if I trusted this thing 100% of the time and instead of adding these to notion or I can add them to notion also just send them directly back into instantly and reply immediately. I could do that really easily with a single API call but instead I want to put it into notion so that my team can actually check and continue to train the AI. All I have to do to train the AI as you can see send revised. This is one that was trained. So the AI reply got something wrong and my team came in here and they did the correct reply. You can also enter the correct reasoning to try and give the AI a reason that it was wrong. And then I'll show you what's going to happen with this in just a second. But what that'll do is it sends the correct reply and it also trains your knowledge base on why it was wrong. And this brings me to step two of the system, which is the sending module and the AI training module. Based on what you say here in this good column, different web hooks are triggered. And you can do this by setting up automations from inside of notion. You can do the same thing inside of Air Table. So that's how those web hooks are getting triggered. And then based on which web hook, it sets the reply and then it sends as an API call inside of instantly. If it's successful, you get a send success. If it's send fail, you get a send fail in notion. So the sending module is pretty simple. The AI training module is a little bit more detailed. This is actually what powers this whole thing. And especially when you just install this, you're going to have to be doing a lot of training, which is why I needed to make the training process as easy as possible. Superbase is actually a free tool that you can use for databasing and knowledge basing. So when that train AI is triggered, this AI agent goes through the revised copy. It goes through the reasoning. It goes through what it said and it figures out what to add to the knowledge base so that it doesn't mess up the next time. Then it uses the correct information. And just like that, once you install this thing and train it for about a week, now you can manage your replies at scale. Now this does obviously require a little bit of technical knowledge. You need to understand automations, prompting, and you can't just copy and paste my exact system into yours because chances are your knowledge base is going to be different. You need to set up your own Superbase accounts and AI profiles. So, there's a lot of nuance that goes into this. So, if you're interested in learning exactly how to set this up with all of the blueprints and the walkthroughs, make sure to join the insiders program, and that's going to be available for you in there. This is only for insiders members. All right, so here's some of my recommendations for handling replies. When you're a beginner, use Instantly's built-in AI when you're getting started. You don't need this giant bloated ReplyJI system unless you have a lot of incoming replies that you can't keep up with. Now, once you have 10 or more replies every day, then you can think about launching something like ReplyJI. Remember, don't worry about automating replies until you have lots of replies. Don't try and solve problems that you don't have yet. First, solve the problem of getting a lot of interested replies coming in. Once it becomes more than you can manage, that's a good problem to have. Then you can install ReplyJI. Now that you've watched this video, you will not be able to escape me. Google knows that you watched and now I'm going to be following you all around YouTube and their entire display network. I'm going to show you ads until finally you give in and you click and then I've got you. You're pixelled. You're going to start getting ads on Reddit, LinkedIn, Facebook, and Instagram. And then finally, you're going to opt in. And once you do, I'm going to be contacting you by email, by iMessage, by voicemail, and even direct mail. In some cases, you're going to think I'm everywhere or omniresent. And this is the power of omni channel marketing. Making your leads think that they know you because now they're seeing you everywhere. This makes them trust you and eventually they're not going to be able to help but buy from you. But you don't need a YouTube channel to take advantage of omni channel. This is only one form of top offunnel traffic. people who don't know who I am and are discovering me just like you probably are now. No, the greatest top offunnel source of all time is cold email. And I'm going to show you how to leverage the same omni channel principle on cold email. This is omni channel outreach. Making your prospects think that you're everywhere like it was their idea. And see that meme? That's going to be you. I'm going to be following you everywhere. You're going to really fall in love with this pretty face and all of my fun ads. So, what is omni channel? Well, it's essentially what it sounds like. utilizing different platforms to make your prospects think you're omniresent like God. You may also have heard this called multi-channel or crossplatform. It's all the same thing. And some common channels that we use to do omni channel are paid ads, SMS, we use voicemail drops, direct mail, and LinkedIn. And I want you to think that the more channels you're able to hit somebody on, the higher chance that you're going to get them to respond. You need to make the prospect think that they know you better. So, if you're showing up on a platform where they spend the most time, they're going to see you a lot more often and they're going to be more likely to click and eventually to buy. So, all those platforms that I just mentioned, one of them may have struck a chord. You're like, you know what? I freaking love Reddit. I spend so much time on Reddit. Or you might be thinking, I love Facebook or I love Instagram or I listen to all my voicemails. You might hit a dud on four out of five channels. But by adding more and more channels, you're increasing your shots at getting through to that lead and getting them to take action. Now, with that being said, I want to issue a quick warning. Don't try to do it all all at once. You really need to understand the the limits and the cost before just implementing all of the things that I just mentioned. And remember this fact, cold email leads, your cold email list, they don't know who you are yet. Even when you email them, they still don't know who you are, which means they're not valuable to you yet. They're not a retargeting audience yet. Another important thing to note, you can scale cold email. You can send a million emails a month, but other channels like LinkedIn outreach are much harder to scale. Lastly, the data matters a lot. I'm talking about phone numbers and addresses. So, if you want to add other channels, you need to make sure that you have the right information. Okay, we're going to break down each of these channels and I'm going to be giving you some little workarounds and hacks to implement these solutions. The first is paid ads. And everybody should have retargeting ads set up. A retargeting ad is an ad you only serve to somebody who's already familiar with you. They've already watched your video. They've already been to your site. Now, the reason everybody needs to use retargeting ads is it's really hard to lose money on retargeting ads. That person's already suggested that they're interested. You've already suggested that you're interested in cold email by watching this video. So, if I serve you ads to sell you cold email stuff and my programs and my offers, then I'm going to have a much higher chance of converting you. Now, cold email is the same thing. Once somebody replies and you're trying to get them onto a call or get them to your site to fill out a form, if they click on that calendarly link or they click on your opt-in form, they click on your website link, that is a hard signal that they are interested in what you're shilling. And the final destination for all of your our cold emails are to get somebody to click on a link. Even if it's to book a call on a calendarly, you can still pixel your kalanly. Now, I'm not going to do a detailed walkthrough right now of how to set up pixels and tracking codes and retargeting ads. There's plenty of videos online for that or inside of my insiders program. You should have an ad account wherever you want to run the retargeting ads. The two main ones are Facebook Ads Manager and Google Ads. They're going to give you a tracking code. You're going to copy that tracking code and you're going to put it on your either your Calendarly account or on the website that you're sending people. Once Google and Facebook get pings that that person visited that site, now you can serve them retargeting ads. These are highly profitable and extremely lowcost to run. Now, my recommended place that I think you should start with these retargeting ads are Facebook, Google Display Network, YouTube, and LinkedIn, but only for retargeting. These are my highest converting channels and most people's highest converting channels. Some other areas I run retargeting ads, Tik Tok, Kora, and Reddit. They're all very effective, and they're all relatively the same thing. Reddit and Kora use the same images and copy across most of these platforms. They're relatively the same principle. You just have to set them up and implement them and make sure that you're tracking them correctly. And that's how you get results like this on your paid ads. It's not because I run a ton of top offunnel paid ads. I don't spend very much and I make a lot from these paid ads just by cleaning up on people like yourself who already know who I am and I'm just giving you a CTA in the form of the ad. And for those of you that have never seen a dashboard like this before, this is Hyros. and you're spending a lot of money on paid ads. This is an essential tool to have for tracking and making sure that the attribution is correct. The next channel I really want to focus on is voicemail. So, doing outbound dialing, especially AI outbound dialers, can actually cause a lot of problems and we don't touch it, but we do do a lot of voicemail drops. So, a voicemail drop is the phone doesn't actually ring, but somebody gets a notification that they have a voicemail, somebody has has left them a message. Now, your goal is to get them to listen to the voicemail and take some sort of action. Now, a lot of times they will call back that voicemail number. So, you need to make sure that you have someone on sales team ready to receive the call back. There's some platforms where you can do this pretty much on autopilot for no additional money. Like in GoHigh Level, there's a a feature in there where as part of the automation, you can send a voicemail drop. I actually like using tools like Drop Cowboy. There's a lot of solutions for this, but this one's really affordable and they have good APIs. So, I can simply send voicemail drops with my custom AI generated voicemail specifically for that lead on autopilot. And if you want to implement voicemail drops, a couple recommendations are you shouldn't just send it to everybody that you send a cold email to. You should probably do it on email open. That way they open the email, they see it, then they get a voicemail right away and they'll feel like they know you because they just got a voicemail from you. They got an email from you and it works really nicely together. So, for those of you who are a little bit more advanced, you can actually clone your voice using 11 Labs. You just upload some audio, it clones your voice for you, and it does a really good job. And once you have a voice clone, you can set up an automation like this. And yes, you'll get the template for this inside of the resources. When someone opens the email, it'll use Claude to actually write what the voicemail is going to dictate. So, this Claude prompt actually looks at the lead and the lead information and it writes a unique voicemail for that person, calling them out by name, calling them their company out by name, and then plugs that into 11 Labs with my voice to actually dictate that voicemail. And then we send it via Drop Cowboy using this API call. Not a lot of people do this because it takes a couple of steps, but it's really not that hard to do and goes a long way for improving your lead generation campaigns. The next channel I want to talk about is direct mail. This is sending a physical letter to somebody's address, whether that be their personal address or their company. And there's really two ways to go about this. There's the fancy letters that are probably going to get opened and the cheaper letters that probably won't. Now, I'm going to show you my recommendation for either solution. If you have a higher value lead and you have their personal address, then I do recommend using a tool called Handwritten. So, Handwritten actually uses like a 3D printer with a pen to do actual handwritten letters. So, it comes on like a handwritten envelope with the address handwritten and then you open it and it's a handwritten letter that's actually done with a pen. Now, the problem with this is it can cost around $3 per letter. So, this can add up really quickly. But, if your leads are high enough value, then these are the things that are going to get opened. Now, if you want to do this at scale and you want to send thousands of letters for pennies on the dollar, then you might want to consider using a tool called Clicksend. Using Clicksend, you can send really cheap letters at scale, but they're not going to be nearly as likely to get opened because they're not handwritten. So, people are going to assume that there's some kind of advertising direct mail. So, how to leverage this? You can either send it when somebody replies and they're interested and you're trying to convert that person to a call. It's a really good way to do it. Or if you've got a really small TAM and your leads are really high value, then you can consider using this potentially for everybody. And of course, there's an advanced workflow that goes along with this. It's pretty simple. If somebody replies, it goes ahead and writes that letter to them and then sends it directly with handwritten. So, a really simple formula there. Another really popular solution that everybody should implement cuz it's so easy to do now is LinkedIn automation. You can automate your LinkedIn account to connect with cold email prospects. And Clay makes that easier than ever. But you really don't even need Clay. You can set up the same sort of campaign here where somebody replies and they're interested. And then I could just add a module here for my LinkedIn software, which is Hey Reach. I can go ahead and add them to a campaign or send a message. Now, the problem with this is you can only connect with about 30 people per day. So, if you're only doing this for interested replies, again, it's a really good way to connect a little bit deeper with the people you're cold emailing. So, even if they reply and they're somewhat interested, they're probably not going to buy from you, but they're much more likely to buy from you if you've sent them direct mail, your friends on LinkedIn, maybe you've sent them a voicemail drop and talked over the phone. All of those things make them think they know you better and can trust you more. And again, you can automate this using clay or really simply using make.com. Some other channels that are worth mentioning, but probably not advised to do right away. SMS, you can do it. You can do it using clicks send or various other tools. I don't because they have a high chance of phone bands and people hate getting cold text messages. So, I just would not recommend using that at all. I would recommend the voicemail drop. For calling, unless you're going to pick up the phone and dial yourself or you have someone to do it, I definitely don't recommend doing it, especially with AI. People hate getting AI voicemails. It kills your chances of the deal, I think. So, the best way that we've found to do AI calling is the voicemail drops and then just waiting for the call back. And then other retargeting ad platforms, set these up after you've set up the core retargeting platforms and it's going to it's going to all work for sure. Let's just go over again what the basic omniresence strategy is. Really wrap your head around this cuz it's going to make everything else make sense. The goal is to get as many interested people clicking on your link for a low cost. This is the top of the funnel. As you can see here in the picture, prospects come in the top. Top of funnel marketing is usually the most expensive. Getting people who don't know who you are to know who you are and click is always the most expensive part of making the sale. Cold email makes it really cheap. You can get a lot of people to click for pennies on the dollar. Then once they click, you can follow them around with retargeting ads on all of the major platforms. Do this for at least 30 days and up to 90 days, but focus a lot of your budget at first. They're more likely to convert the sooner they are to that initial action. If it's been 90 days, they've probably forgotten who you are by then. Remember, top offunnel marketing is the most expensive because they're not searching for you and they don't know who you are and you're competing with a lot of other companies for that attention. But once you get the attention, keeping it is much easier. And retargeting has a really high rorowass or return on ad spend because one, you already know they're interested and two, they already know who you are. Now, I'm not going to do a full detailed course on setting up your retargeting ads, but I did want to leave you with some nuggets. This is your chance to counter all of the implicit objections. Now, implicit objections are really important concept. What is holding them back from buying that maybe they're not saying out loud or saying to you? For example, if I'm selling CRM services, I know that their implicit objection is they probably already have a CRM and don't want to change and don't want to force that on their team. So, if you already know that they're thinking that, you can get ahead of it and you can serve them retargeting ads that counters that objection and answers that objection. And by the way, you can use that same principle for cold email as well. So, if you know there's a main objection that everybody's going to have, get out in front of it and say it in the copy. The next thing that you can do in your retargeting ads is show them case studies and testimonials. If you can show them other people having success with your thing, they're going to get FOMO and they're going to want it too, especially if that person looks like them. So you can get really targeted. You can serve all of the men in your retargeting pool, male case studies and male testimonials and all the women female case studies and female testimonials. You can also highlight specific key features that you think are major selling points for your offer. For example, in my insiders program, I know I've got like five types of buyers. If you are new to cold email and you want to launch your own system, we'll actually give you CRM. We'll give you all of the templates. We'll set up your mailboxes, write your copy. All of that stuff is great for beginners. But I also have a lot of cold email agencies that join or people that offer this as a service. And instead of framing it as we're going to write your cold email copy, it's we'll write it for all of your clients and do the setup for all of your clients. So you can highlight these different key features that are really attractive to the different groups that are interested in buying your thing. And most importantly here, make sure your tracking is set up properly. You can go on Fiverr and hire someone for 20 bucks to come in and set up conversion tracking, set up your Google Analytics. Don't worry about learning this on your own. Just have someone do it once and then you're done. Now, I always hear people saying cold email is dead or the future is not going to be cold email. I've been doing cold email for over 10 years and it's been a cornerstone of my marketing for that entire span of business. It's been the single skill that's made me the most money and every couple years there's a big scare and everybody thinks cold email is dead. So, right now I kind of want to spend a few minutes talking about the future of cold email. Because if you're investing a lot of time and energy and resources into learning this skill and building these systems, you want to make sure that it's not going to go away next year like a lot of marketing platforms do. So, with that being said, let's talk about the future of cold email. Where is this going to be in 1, five, 10 years from now? So, taking a quick walk back of memory lane, I do have a lot of people in my communities that have been doing this even longer than me, but it's been a freaking whirlwind. 10 years ago, I was just getting started with cold email and deliverability was a breeze. There was no spam filters. You could just send an email to tens of thousands of people and end up in the inbox. In fact, we were using that same tool that I showed you earlier, Clicksend. We could send 10,000 emails in a single send from the same IP address, Clicksense's IP address, and they would all end up in the inbox, and we would just get flooded with responses and book calls cuz we were sending a link in in that email. It was just the wild west. It was crazy. At one point, we were sending 10,000 emails a day from that same platform, that same IP address that it would cost us like 50 bucks to send those emails and we would get like a 100red book calls from that send. It was absolutely ridiculous. But back then, there was less competition, so the leads were less defensive and there was way less protocols in place to defend against spam and defend against cold email. Now, obviously, that's changed. Tools like Instantly have made it really easy for people to start sending cold emails. But listen, email is still the primary mode of business communication. It was back then, it is today, and I predict that it will be 10 years from now. So, the lay of the land of cold email today, the email service providers are monitoring domains, IPs, and they're monitoring the mailboxes. They're looking at the copy and they're looking for spam. They're looking at the reputations of all of these different elements. They're reading the emails and they're categorizing them automatically into the promotions tab or the socials tab. And they're using AI to detect sending patterns, repeat copy and phrases. And they're getting really good at filtering out spam and salesy and promotional emails. So, you can't just send whatever you want anymore. And obviously, cold email has become a lot more popular. So, there's a lot more competition, and there's more of a need for Google and Microsoft to play defense. I should just mention, I'm sorry if you've been cold emailing for a while. Some of that is probably my fault in popularizing it and teaching people how to send cold emails really easily. But, it's transformed my life. and I know it's going to transform a lot of your lives who are watching this today. So, is cold email dying like people may have told you or may be saying? The answer is hell no. Email is still by far the main method of B2B communication. All of us who are in business check our email every single day. And you can't say that about any other platform. I mean, Google search, we're using way less. I'm typically asking AI half the time when I have a question. I'm not scrolling through Facebook anymore. On Instagram, I'm not scrolling as much. Now, you're going through Tik Tok or you're watching YouTube shorts. attention always deviates from the ad platforms that people are using, but not from email. People are still using email every single day. And the second point, AI is being used to prevent cold email. Yes, it's being used by the service providers to play defense, but it's also being used by people like me to play offense and to get around all of those curve balls and make people think that it's not a cold email. It's just a regular email and increase their reply rates to levels that we didn't see even 10 years ago. It's also important to note that Google and Microsoft aren't dumb. They know that this is happening. This is one of Google and Microsoft's main revenue sources. They're aware that people are sending cold emails. They just want to filter out the bad ones. And there is no way in hell they're going to give up cold email cuz they're going to lose such a huge revenue source. So, is cold email dead? Yeah, it's dead if you're a spammer and you don't adapt and you don't learn the right way to do things. Now, I want to share some really exciting technologies that I'm currently experimenting with, have experimented with, and where I see the future of cold email tech going. It's really cool stuff. The first is autonomous BDRs. So, we're already really close to writing cold emails using entirely AI to replying to cold emails using entirely AI. But there's still a lot of human components needed to actually do a good job. You need to go add the filters, export the list, clean the list, you know, write all the prompts. There's still a lot of steps that are involved in launching a successful cold email campaign. Autonomous BDRs basically take that all away. You upload your website, answer a few questions. It builds the list. It builds the mailboxes, the LinkedIn profiles, it reaches out to people for you, does the full communication with that lead for you until they're finally booked onto a call. And so far, I've experimented with two of these autonomous BDRs that are not ready for the public yet. And to be honest, they're not ready for production yet. The results have been absolutely terrible and the AI just isn't there yet. I think there's too many moving pieces. It's too nuanced to get right. I mean, this stuff is hard hard to get right. But eventually, somebody's going to crack it and it's going to work. On that bullet, I wrote that I've been a beta tester for three. I guess technically it's been three. The third one doesn't even count cuz it didn't even work. So, they've all failed. It's not there yet, but it's coming. I'm also really excited about the future of data. Better AI means better signals, which means more relevant cold emails, which means hopefully one day we're living in a world where every cold email you get is hyperargeted, hyper relevant, just like how advertising has gotten better. I enjoy getting ads on Instagram and Facebook because they're really good and targeted to me, stuff that I want to see. Plus, as an advertiser, I love watching people's ads. So, as the data gets better, we're going to get more relevant cold emails, and that's going to be a good thing. and my 2030 predictions. I hope you guys hold me to this. In 2030, we can circle back and see what I was right on and what I was wrong on. Lead data is going to be cheap and way more accurate. These B2B database companies have already been kind of on a race to the bottom. Lead data has gotten more and more accessible and more accurate, and we're getting more data points. By 2030, I think data is going to be pennies. There's going to be a much bigger focus on AI personalization at scale. Not just two or three words, but writing an entire email perfectly targeted to that lead based on extensive research into them and their company. And not just by their company information, but by their personal information. There's going to be a huge focus on AI enrichment. Kind of like the clay table I showed you earlier where we were able to scrape their website and find specific vulnerabilities and use that to write a cold email. I think that's going to be common place where you're actually being proactive to solve the problem before you send the cold email. Cuz normally with cold email, you're trying to get them to be reactive. Hey, are you having this problem? Cool. Let's see if we can solve it. But what if you solved their problem or identified their problem before ever sending them a cold email? I think that's where we're headed in 2030. I've also watched as there's been a really fast consolidation from multiple different cold email sending softwares all to maybe one or two winners. Back when I started, there was a bunch of different tools that people would use and a debate on which one was the best. There was Woodpecker and Reply io. And the model back then was like $50 per mailbox per month. Since then, there's been a huge consolidation to people using the best tools, the Instantly AI and the Smartly. And specifically, the tools that have been able to consolidate lots of different use cases and tools into a single tool to make life really easy. For example, if you come into Instantly AI, each of these tabs on the left used to be a separate software, and now they've got it all integrated. So you can use all of this data across the entire platform. And with that being said, I think that's going to mean goodbye for Clay because I think that's going to be the next thing that Instantly AI builds into their system, which again just streamlines the workflow and makes everybody's life so much easier. I think there's going to be a move toward more signal-based email marketing. Kind of like I I said earlier, when we have more information about somebody and what problems they're facing, we're able to send more targeted cold emails, and that's a good thing. Now, there's a lot of fears about what if Google and Microsoft do decide to pull the plug on cold email, just like Instagram did years ago with Instagram automation. It's now nearly impossible. There's an absolute chance that Google and Microsoft decide to do that as well. And there's a lot of different ways that they could really easily tell if you're using cold email. And I'm not talking about warming. I'm actually talking about how we connect our emails to instantly in the first place. So, there's lots of bypasses that companies are already working on and getting ahead of, but at the worst case scenario, if we have to, we can go to Gmail browser automation to send cold emails, which is actually still the best way to get perfect deliverability. We've actually got an automation computer running in the other room. And it's running browser automation for platforms that don't like to be automated like Instagram and Reddit. And if we have to, that means competition is going to be much lower, deliverability is going to be much higher, and reply rates are going to be much higher, which is what's happening for me right now with Instagram and Reddit. Nobody else is doing this. I'm probably the only one doing it because it's hard to do. And because of that, results are unbelievable. And I want you to remember to head into my free school community. There's going to be a link down below in the description, but you're going to want to join this community. This is where all of the resources are going to be. So, if you haven't done it already, get in here. It's going to be pinned up top so you can download all of the spark notes, all of the links, all of the templates that I've talked about throughout this entire video. And guys, please do me a huge favor. I spent weeks putting this together. I spent almost a week recording it. It has taken so much power out of my brain that if you've made it this far and you're not already subscribed to the channel, it means a lot for you to do that. Let leave a comment. Let me know what you thought about this entire master class. I love to hear your feedback. Nothing made me happier than reading all of the amazing comments I got from the one I did in 2024. So, let me know your thoughts. Please like, please subscribe, and please opt in. I'd love to have you inside of my community so I can keep talking to you, keep teaching you, and watch you grow your business over the next year. That lights me up, and I know that you can do it, and I'm here for your journey. Much love. Your support means the world to me. See you later.