Listen, cold email is great, but cold emailing alone is leaving money on the table. And same thing with LinkedIn automation. However, when you combine them the right way, you can easily 4x your deals without any additional work. What I'm about to show you is one of the single biggest shifts in cold outreach. And if you're already running LinkedIn automation, I guarantee there's a 97% chance you're doing it wrong. Today, I'm going to show you exactly how to attach the two most powerful tools in cold outreach together and set up LinkedIn automation campaigns that get a 55% acceptance rate. The same templates that I use for myself and my high ticket clients. And I'm also going to show you how to automate the entire thing so you can just set it up with me side by side and then forget about it. And the best part, zero technical skills required. And for those of you that are new to the channel, my name is Lee Jenj. I teach B2B cold outreach and I run the largest community online for entrepreneurs wanting to generate more B2B leads. With that being said, let's get into it. Now, the integration and the automation that I'm going to be showing you how to connect during this video is actually really, really simple. It looks like this. So, for those of you that were scared of automation and integrations, you don't have to be. So, although this is only one step, it's a lot more complex than it looks. You don't need any technical knowledge, but there's a lot of prerequisites to make this actually work correctly. So, let's talk about some of those prerequisites. The first are essentially the three softwares that you need to have. The first obviously is instantly, which we're in right now. If you don't already have an account, you need to be on at least the hyperrowth plan. It's $97 per month and you can save 10% with an exclusive discount that I can't announce publicly, but if you join any of my communities, you'll get that discount code. The second thing that you're going to need is a tool called Aimfox. This is the tool to automate your LinkedIn outreach and we're going to tie those two softwares together during this video. Aimfox is my favorite tool for LinkedIn automation because it's hyper scalable, really affordable. It's only $40 $39 per month per seat on a monthly plan. And the best part is you can actually scale it by renting new LinkedIn accounts from Aimfox. So you should have a plan on both of these softwares. The links to join them are going to be linked down below. And by the way, anytime you guys want to know like what tools I'm using or grab some discounts on them, you just go to lead genenj.com and go to top tools and it'll open up all of the the softwares and discounts uh that are available to you. The third prerequisite is you need to have a LinkedIn account and hopefully you're paying for LinkedIn Sales Navigator and you have a solid LinkedIn presence. Even the best outreach campaign in the world with the best copy and best targeting does not work at all on LinkedIn if you don't have a well-built LinkedIn profile. So, if you're interested in that, I've done entirely other videos on LinkedIn that you should probably watch and then come back to this. But for the purposes of this video, I'm assuming you have LinkedIn and you should have LinkedIn Sales Navigator. If you don't, you can come to offers on Lead Genj and we actually have a massive discount that you can get for LinkedIn Sales Navigator as well. Remember, the best way to protect your LinkedIn account from getting banned, suspended, hitting limits is just pay them a few bucks for LinkedIn Sales Nav. Okay, so how do we get this working once we have all of those prerequisites? Well, there's actually a fourth prerequisite, and that's interested replies on instantly. See, the biggest mistake that most people make when they're doing LinkedIn automation is they'll set up a campaign in some LinkedIn automation tool, and you can really only do about 100 connection requests per week. So, you're connecting with these random LinkedIn accounts that maybe maybe are targeted, maybe are not. You're sending these BS connection requests, and everybody just ignores them. However, there's a much better way to do this to get much better results, and that's to use omni channel marketing. So, what is omni channel? Omni channel or multi-channel marketing is when you've connect, you've sent me an email, and I'm in an email thread with you. That's one channel. And then I bring it over to an entirely other channel. Maybe I leave you a voicemail drop. I send you physical mail or I message you on LinkedIn. Now, when you're doing omni channel marketing and they're working in tandem, you actually amplify the results of both channels. So, let's say that cold email alone is a five on the scale and LinkedIn automation is a three on the scale. Well, normally you'd think, all right, if I combine them, I get an eight. But that's actually not true. You combine them, you get a 16. It amplifies the effect of either channel. So, let's go back to my screen and keep going here. So, you need interested replies from cold emails because that's what's going to trigger this automation. So, you need to have campaigns that are performing well inside of Instantly. And if you don't have that yet, you should definitely go through my 7-hour master class where I really break down what it takes to be successful with cold email. Once you have those interested replies coming in, now it's time to make the omni channel magic happen. So, you've got interested replies, you're going to come over here to automations, and then you're going to go ahead and hit add new for automation. Now, what you're going to see is you have triggers and you have actions. Your trigger, you're going to go ahead and click instantly. Now before I click it, let me just run through some other triggers here just so I can explain what they are. RB2B is basically identifying people who are visiting your website and then triggery is identifying people based on social signals, who they're engaging with online. These are all different signals that are very important. Now, I don't use any of these platforms because they're expensive and I have better alternatives to them that I teach inside of the insiders program. But if you're non-technical and you want to shortcut using signals, these are great triggers for setting up some good signal campaigns. But for the purposes of this video, let's go ahead and hit instantly. And what I want to do here is select a trigger event. So I'm going to go to this dropown. And the one that I want to choose is lint lead interest status changed because what I'm interested now is only connecting with people on LinkedIn who have actually responded to my email. Because if they've responded and they're interested, they're still probably not close to buying from you, but at least they've signaled that they know who you are. Maybe they're open to it. So instead of wasting that connection request on somebody who probably doesn't need your offer right now, you're spending it on somebody who's actually interested. And that's really the key here cuz with LinkedIn, you're limited to how many messages you can send. So you really want to optimize. Each message that you're sending should go to the right person. So typically the numbers work out pretty well, too. Typically, you're getting 30 interested replies per day if you're doing a good job. All of those can now be used for connection requests on LinkedIn. So, you're really going to amplify the results of that cold email campaign. So, lead interest status changed. Continue. Select a campaign. So, you have to tie this to a specific campaign. I'm just going to go ahead and tie it to that one. And then for in interest status, you want to select interested. Now, hopefully they come out with a feature to do all campaigns. Um, I tried to just do none of that here and it doesn't let me do it. Uh, it does require a campaign and I'm sure they will soon. And then the interest status interested. You want to only trigger this when a lead is interested. We're going to continue and we're going to test. We're going to go ahead and uh test that step. You should get some data and then you're going to save. So now we've got our trigger set up. That's the easy part. Now before we set up the action, we need to have somewhere to send that lead. Cuz remember the interested lead comes in, they're tagged as interested. We want to send them into a LinkedIn automation campaign. But that LinkedIn automation campaign is not built inside of Instantly. This is why we need Aimfox. So, let's go over to that platform and navigate around a little bit. This is Aimfox. This is what it looks like. This is by far the cleanest, easiest, best um LinkedIn automation platform to use. And their support is awesome. So, the first thing that you're going to do is connect your LinkedIn account to your Aimfox. You're going to come into accounts on the bottom left here, and then make sure that you have a LinkedIn account. So on the top right you'll see add account and you'll just follow those steps to go ahead and connect your LinkedIn account. I definitely recommend using the AFOX Chrome extension. It just makes things easier and you won't get caught up with cookies and weird stuff. So download that Chrome extension, attach your LinkedIn account. If you run into into any issues here, go ahead and contact AFOX support. They're awesome, but you shouldn't. It's a really smooth onboarding process. Then you want to configure your account the right way. So I'm going to go ahead and click into it into my account settings. As you can see, it's opened on the right here. And you'll see a couple of things. I can view my profile, login is connected. You I have the outreach seat. That's what I That's what you'll purchase. You're going to leave these as default. So, they have um really flushed out how many connection requests, message requests, emails that you should be doing every week. So, just leave these uh interaction limits as is. And if your LinkedIn account has never been automated before, is relatively new and fresh, you can go ahead and enable warm-up. that warm-up's going to go ahead and start taking some actions so that when you do start automating your LinkedIn account, it is going to work a lot better and decrease the chance of anything bad happening. Just like cold email warm-up, they have a LinkedIn warm-up feature built in as well. It's a very cool thing that Aim Fox did. Now, you'll see a couple other things here. I'm going to move my big ugly head out of the way. You'll see SSI score. This is like a social score index that LinkedIn assigns each profile. the higher it is, the more likely that your message is going to stand out, hit that person's inbox. So, if you have a low SSI score, you're going to work want to work on getting that up. Connect with more people, post more, comment on more stuff, and you'll see that score slowly start to go up. Make sure that you change the proxy to the location where you are logging into your LinkedIn account. So, for me, it is the United States. The proxy is the IP address that they're using to connect to your LinkedIn account. So, just make sure that locations match as good as possible. Cool. So, now that your LinkedIn account is set up, hopefully it's warm enough. Uh, you'll be good to go ahead and get started. And by the way, if you were interested in scaling LinkedIn outreach, you'll see another button on the top right here that says rent account. So, if you want to, you can go ahead and hit rent accounts. So, if you're ready for it, you can actually go ahead and rent LinkedIn accounts from Aimfox. They will customize those accounts for you. You can add them to your account and then use them in all of your campaigns to scale the outreach. It is a little bit pricey, but worth it if you're able to convert on these LinkedIn messages. Now that your account is connected successfully and hopefully warm, you're going to come over to campaigns and you're going to need to design this campaign. There's a couple ways to do this. This one's easy to mess up, so make sure that you follow along with me. You're going to go ahead and create campaign on the top right. And you're going to have a few different options here. You might be tempted to click instantly list, but if you're just getting started, there is no instantly list. And remember, they have this direct integration. So, what you're going to do is hit custom list and then next. You'll name it whatever you want. You know, instantly interested reply campaign. And then you're going to make sure that your account is selected here. Outreach type connect maximum targets. I'm just going to leave that as default. And then we're going to create campaign. Now, the reason we want to select custom list is because we don't actually have to upload a list right now. Um, with all of the other campaign types, you're going to have to add some leads to it. But remember, we're adding the leads to it from instantly. We're doing it programmatically. Instantly is sending the leads into this campaign. So, for that reason, we want to select um custom list and just skip this part. So, I'm going to go ahead hit next at the bottom where it's prompting me to upload a CSV. I don't have one. I'm going to hit next. We're going to skip targeting. Again, audience. This is where you would normally hyperarget. See what leads you're going to be sending messages to. You're going to go ahead and hit next. By the way, if you're interested in learning more about Aimfox and how to use it, I do have another video on YouTube kind of walking you through Aimfox and setting up a campaign from start to finish. You're going to get most of that here, but just not with the list building and the targeting. There's lots of different campaign types that you can use inside of Aimfox. So, we're not going to be talking about them in this video. And if you really want to go deep, my favorite way to use Aimfox is using their APIs and pushing leads into there from NAT. If you want to go all in on lead generation in 2026, make sure to join the lead generation insiders, all of that is covered in depth there. The stuff that's a little bit more advanced and in the weeds for YouTube is all inside of that course. All right, so now we're inside of the campaign. I'm going to go ahead and move my big face again so you can see everything that I'm doing. They make it really easy because they've broken down each step and suggested step. So the whole thing is the connect flow and you can create split tests to test different connect flows. Uh, but for the purposes of this video, we're just going to go through this once. Automatic translation is just going to translate messages into the language of the recipient. So, if I'm sending somebody, you know, in Mexico, a Spanish speaker, um, a message from this campaign, it's actually going to translate it to Spanish for me. May as well go ahead and turn it on, although we it'll probably never get triggered. The next step in the connect flow is to view profile. This happens automatically. You can't configure that on or off. And then probably the most important part of your campaign is the connection request. So, we're going to go ahead and hit add a connection note. Now, Aimfox really works on templates. So, you're going to want to design templates and save them into your Aimfox account so that um you can just call them when needed. But you'll notice that you can't just come in here and type. If you're doing this for the first time, you actually have to click this drop down and hit create new template. And now you can name it, type the template that you want. You can click this little tag to add variables including your own name and your own LinkedIn profile. And you can use AI to help you out. Now, I'm going to get out of this and just show you my template. So, we're going to discard. And for this specific connection request, we're going to use email connection. And it's a really, really simple template. It just says, "It's Jay. You just emailed me. Let's connect here." And interestingly enough, we see the preview here showing as translated, untransated, translated because Alexander, the CEO at Aimfox, uh I think is in like Ukraine or something. Uh I don't recognize these characters. If I were to turn off automatic translation, maybe we keep that off for the purposes of uh this video in our campaign. In fact, I usually use this as off. But the connection request, really simple. Uh if you want to copy of my templates, by the way, they're going to be linked down in the description. You don't have to pay me or give me your email. They're yours. Uh so that's the connection request. The next step, react to a post. So they take you through everything that you should be doing in your LinkedIn outreach campaign step by step. And you just want to want to enable all of these things. And I you can just leave these as the defaults. So, there's different reactions that you can use. You can do love. You can change the the time frame. I'm just going to go ahead and leave it as love and one one day after reaching out. Then, finally, message sequence. So, you can only send a message once somebody has accepted your connection request. So, the name of the game is to get your connection request accept rate as high as you possibly can. And to do that, you don't want to be pitching in your connection request. The only goal is get them to accept it. And one of the ways to do that is actually sending a blank connection request, which I believe you can still do uh in here if you don't use any templates. It'll just send a blank connection request, which is second best. This is something you have in common. You're saying that you already have a conversation open. It just makes sense to connect over here as well. Do not pitch in the connection request. Now, assuming they accept it, they're going to be getting a follow-up message. So, first things first, let's go ahead and select a template for this first initial message. And I don't like to send too many of these two tops, but I'm going to go ahead and hit this drop down. Here's the template that I use. But of course, you can come in and create your new template. So, I keep it really simple. What's up, Alexander? Now that we're we're official, I have to ask. You're my school community, right? This is the one of 22,000 members. I dropped the school community link. If not, sorry. I must have you confused with another Alexander. And as you can see, it's pulling in his name here. So there's no complicated personalization, no crazy AI enrichment, just a really simple straightforward message and really just kind of a conversation opener. Is it you? Are you in this community? Oh no, must be a different Alexander. And then they also have the link to that school community. And my goal is to get them inside of that community because that's what triggers kind of my whole funnel process to convert you into a, you know, insider or high ticket client. Now once you've selected this message, you can select when when you want this message to be sent. I usually just leave this as is. There's really no reason to delay from when they accept the connection request to when they get the message. To be honest, they're probably not even going to notice, but the sooner the better because now they remember accepting the connection request. Hopefully, they're online and it's time for them to read this message. So, I would just send it immediately. Now, I think you can add up to three of these follow-up messages. I usually use two tops. For the purposes of this video, we're just going to do one. Now, next step in your funnel is going to be endorsing them for a skill. Now, if the goal is, oh, they didn't reply to the message. We want to nudge it up. We want to build some rapport, give them something, we can actually automate essentially a lead magnet, which is endorsing them for something. They see that, they say, "Oh, they did me a solid. I may as well go and reply to their message." So, you can go ahead and endorse for skill. You can endorse x amount of days after the message sequence has ended. I'm going to go ahead and do one day after the message sequence has ended. And this will automatically endorse them for a skill. Now the next step in that is withdrawing the connection request. So it is a good practice not to just have a thousand open connection requests. It doesn't look good for LinkedIn. So if they don't accept it, for me I I bring it all the way up to 30 days because I'm not in my LinkedIn account all the time. I'm not always in there accepting connection requests and a lot of people are like me. So for that reason, I leave it as 30 days and it will withdraw that connection request after 30 days. Now the final option here which you'll see is grayed out is inmail optimization. You can actually send them an inmail message if they don't reply to your initial message. I actually don't recommend using that feature for this type of LinkedIn automation campaign. We're going to save that for a different type. So, we're going to leave that as off and go ahead and hit next. And then you're just going to basically review campaign details. You'll see how many accounts to target. It's zero right now, but those are going to get added in from instantly as people start replying for campaign schedule. I love how they do this. You can actually use the targets time zone, which is their recommended thing. and you want to send during, you know, relatively business hours during their time zone, not yours. So, we're going to go ahead and hit next. I'm going to leave that all as default. And then everything is ready. All you have to do is kind of review this and go ahead and hit start. I'm going to hit start just for the purposes of this and hit leave as ready. Now, this campaign is ready to start sending. It's ready to start pushing leads into and it's fully configured. Now, we can do the fun part. So, now let's come back into instantly. Remember, we had this trigger set up. We just set up what happens when we send that LinkedIn connection. So, I'm going to go ahead and hit action and we're going to integrate Aimfox here. Now, I already have Aimfox integrated. Uh there's a good chance you probably don't yet. So, when you see it like this and you see account, this is my connection, but you're going to go ahead and hit add new since you probably don't have an AFOX account. And you're going to connect an existing account. It's basically going to prompt you to log in to Aimfox through an OOTH connection. You'll go ahead and connect. Cool. Finished. And now it should show that new connection right here and connect automatically. These are the two same two connections. So it doesn't really matter for me. And then I'm going to come into action event add profile to campaign. Remember we just set up that campaign. So we're going to hit continue. We're going to hit this drop down at the top and we're going to do the campaign that we just created LGJ test. Now these should all be filled out by default. If they're not, you need to make sure to hit plus and select the right field from this drop down. Now, in order for this to work, you're going to have to make damn sure of one thing, and that's that the cold email leads that you have in your Instantly account have a LinkedIn profile attached to them. If they don't have a LinkedIn profile, they're going to have nothing to send AimFox to connect people with. So, what does that look like? When you're in Instantly and you are adding leads into your campaign, you need to make sure that you are importing their LinkedIn URL. So, when you're adding the leads, make sure that you're importing their LinkedIn URL to their profile. You need to be a lot more intentional with the leads that you're putting in there. If they don't have the LinkedIn profile URL, you cannot run this automation. So, I'm not going to walk through the whole process of scraping leads, importing them into Instantly and mapping the fields. But when you import that CSV file or use a Google sheet or use superarch just make sure that you're pushing that LinkedIn profile URL of the person, not the company into this lead lead set so that when they're interested, you can map it correctly and it goes into Aimfox the right way. So let's go ahead and catch back up. Aimfox. We're going to do this one more time. We're going to do add profile to campaign. We're going to select that campaign. We're going to make sure that the LinkedIn profile URL is in fact there. And here it just the the field is just called LinkedIn. So remember what the field is called if you haven't already set it up. If you have already set it up and you have LinkedIn called something other than LinkedIn, just go ahead and hit that plus and map it correctly. Uh for the purposes of this video, call it LinkedIn. And when you're importing lead data, make sure that you call that LinkedIn. Then we're going to go ahead and continue. That's going to run a little test just to make sure that the connection is correct. Awesome. The data was sent correctly. We're going to go ahead and hit save. And then all we have to do to activate this thing is turn it on in the top right. And then we always like to name our campaign. So I'm going to go ahead and hit settings. I'm going to call this lead genenj test campaign. And I actually have no problems running this right now. I'm going to pause the other one because my other one's off. Uh inside of Aimfox, it's just on ready mode. So it's going to start uh getting leads pushed into this campaign. So that when I'm ready, I can just push play and it'll start connecting with those leads. Now, a couple of pro tips here. uh until instantly releases some feature or update when you can just select all all campaigns to monitor for interested replies, you may have to duplicate this. So, this is the one that I just made. I'm going to go ahead and duplicate it cuz if you have multiple campaigns running, then when you're in this configure step, you need to select all these other campaigns to monitor and you can just title it with the campaign that you are in fact monitoring. So, you'll just have a duplicate connection for each of those campaigns. And other than that, this is now pretty much fully automated. You literally just set it up with me side by side. And now you can forget about it. You never have to worry about this again. It's just going to automatically look for interested replies instantly and push them into that campaign that we just set up in Aimfox. So now your LinkedIn is working for you 24/7. While your cold email is doing its job at top ofunnel, your LinkedIn is nurturing. It's doing the omni channel. It's building relationships. So, you want to have this set up 100%. And if you're new to LinkedIn automation, not doing any of it, I definitely recommend coming in and seeing what else you can do. When you hit create campaign, what are the capabilities? Uh, if I want to push leads in with custom variables and I'm using AI to write that copy, there's a lot of really cool stuff that I can do with NAND and different automations. So, it's definitely worth looking into. Now, the last thing that I just want to show you, sorry, there's a lot of stuff here before I let you go, is the other things that you can do with instantly automations tab. Now, I'm going to go ahead and hit add new, and we're going to just go through a couple options and explain what they are. We already talked about the triggers. RB2B, which is website visitor identification, not really relevant unless you have a ton of web traffic. And then triggery is for social signals. When somebody comments on somebody's LinkedIn post, push them into a an instantly campaign. something that you can consider doing. It is relatively expensive, but let's focus on instantly here. So, there's lots of different triggers. When a status is changed to interested, when a campaign is finished for a lead, you can push them into a different campaign. So, maybe if they finished this $97 offer campaign, campaign ended and the lead did not reply. Now all of a sudden instead of having to like go through all the time and move leads in bulk from one to another at different variables, I can just say, "Oh, that campaign finished. Let's push them into a different campaign. Let's push them." Uh, by the way, you can come in here and map this stuff and push them into a different campaign. Maybe I want to do this AI copy campaign. I can push them from the 97 into a relatively different offer, different front-end offer really, really easily. So, I'm not going to start this thing, but I'm going to go ahead and hit hit continue. I'm just giving you ideas for how you can use instantly automations without really having to understand the technical side of automation. I'm going to hit add new again just to walk you through some other stuff that you can do. If a lead is added to a list, I'm just going to set up um a different integration here. So, if they're added to this Aimfox list inside of Instantly, we're going to go ahead and test. Cool. Now, what else can I do? What other actions do I have other than just using the instantly built-in tools? Well, you've got Aimfox, you've got Apollo, Hey Reach is another LinkedIn automation tool, but honestly, it's more expensive and less powerful. Uh, and there's a lot of other things that you can do. Send a Slack notification when somebody's interested. Uh, push them into your CRM or your Apollo. Lot of really cool stuff that they've built in to make automation as easy and straightforward as possible. Now, as somebody who totally nerds out on automation, I consider myself expert level using platforms like NADN. I don't rely too heavily on Instantly's native integrations like this because I can do all of that inside of my no code platforms. However, for 95% of the people doing cold outreach and using Instantly to do it and using Aimfox to do LinkedIn, this is going to be a total gamecher for you. So, listen, do me a favor. If you're not already doing cold email in conjunction with LinkedIn this way, go and turn this on. It'll take 10 minutes. You can just rewind, save this video, and just follow along the steps. And I guarantee you're going to see a massive increase in the amounts of leads that actually reply to your emails and then finally book a call and finally close. I'm not going to say it's going to increase your reply rates, but I guarantee it's going to increase your close rates because now you're building rapport. You're taking the conversation from a very unpersonal email to a much more personal social media conversation. You're going to see massive results. Go and implement this stuff right now. Grab the links to sign up down below. And if you want the discount code to sign up for instantly or to sign up for Aimfox, make sure that you are subscribed. Make sure that you're inside of my community and then you'll you'll have access to all of those things there. Hope that's helpful, guys. It means a ton to me that you're here, that you trust me with your B2B lead generation. And if you learned anything, please do my do me a favor and support the channel. Like this video, give it a thumbs up, and let me know your thoughts in the comments. Means a ton.